Installed Packages
Box2D.aarch64                                        2.4.1-8.fc37                                @fedora                                               
ImageMagick.aarch64                                  1:6.9.12.67-1.fc37                          @updates                                              
ImageMagick-libs.aarch64                             1:6.9.12.67-1.fc37                          @updates                                              
LibRaw.aarch64                                       0.20.2-7.fc37                               @fedora                                               
ModemManager.aarch64                                 1.18.8-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
ModemManager-glib.aarch64                            1.18.8-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
NetworkManager.aarch64                               1:1.40.6-1.fc37                             @updates                                              
NetworkManager-adsl.aarch64                          1:1.40.6-1.fc37                             @updates                                              
NetworkManager-bluetooth.aarch64                     1:1.40.6-1.fc37                             @updates                                              
NetworkManager-config-connectivity-fedora.noarch     1:1.40.6-1.fc37                             @updates                                              
NetworkManager-libnm.aarch64                         1:1.40.6-1.fc37                             @updates                                              
NetworkManager-openconnect.aarch64                   1.2.8-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
NetworkManager-openconnect-gnome.aarch64             1.2.8-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
NetworkManager-openvpn.aarch64                       1:1.8.18-2.fc37                             @fedora                                               
NetworkManager-openvpn-gnome.aarch64                 1:1.8.18-2.fc37                             @fedora                                               
NetworkManager-ppp.aarch64                           1:1.40.6-1.fc37                             @updates                                              
NetworkManager-pptp.aarch64                          1:1.2.10-2.fc37                             @fedora                                               
NetworkManager-pptp-gnome.aarch64                    1:1.2.10-2.fc37                             @fedora                                               
NetworkManager-ssh.aarch64                           1.2.12-4.fc37                               @fedora                                               
NetworkManager-ssh-gnome.aarch64                     1.2.12-4.fc37                               @fedora                                               
NetworkManager-team.aarch64                          1:1.40.6-1.fc37                             @updates                                              
NetworkManager-vpnc.aarch64                          1:1.2.8-2.fc37                              @fedora                                               
NetworkManager-vpnc-gnome.aarch64                    1:1.2.8-2.fc37                              @fedora                                               
NetworkManager-wifi.aarch64                          1:1.40.6-1.fc37                             @updates                                              
NetworkManager-wwan.aarch64                          1:1.40.6-1.fc37                             @updates                                              
PackageKit.aarch64                                   1.2.5-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
PackageKit-command-not-found.aarch64                 1.2.5-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
PackageKit-glib.aarch64                              1.2.5-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
PackageKit-gstreamer-plugin.aarch64                  1.2.5-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
PackageKit-gtk3-module.aarch64                       1.2.5-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
SDL2.aarch64                                         2.26.0-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
SDL2_image.aarch64                                   2.6.2-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
aajohan-comfortaa-fonts.noarch                       3.101-5.fc37                                @fedora                                               
aardvark-dns.aarch64                                 1.3.0-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
abattis-cantarell-fonts.noarch                       0.301-8.fc37                                @fedora                                               
abattis-cantarell-vf-fonts.noarch                    0.301-8.fc37                                @fedora                                               
abrt.aarch64                                         2.15.1-6.fc37                               @fedora                                               
abrt-addon-ccpp.aarch64                              2.15.1-6.fc37                               @fedora                                               
abrt-addon-kerneloops.aarch64                        2.15.1-6.fc37                               @fedora                                               
abrt-addon-pstoreoops.aarch64                        2.15.1-6.fc37                               @fedora                                               
abrt-addon-vmcore.aarch64                            2.15.1-6.fc37                               @fedora                                               
abrt-addon-xorg.aarch64                              2.15.1-6.fc37                               @fedora                                               
abrt-cli.aarch64                                     2.15.1-6.fc37                               @fedora                                               
abrt-dbus.aarch64                                    2.15.1-6.fc37                               @fedora                                               
abrt-desktop.aarch64                                 2.15.1-6.fc37                               @fedora                                               
abrt-gui.aarch64                                     2.15.1-6.fc37                               @fedora                                               
abrt-gui-libs.aarch64                                2.15.1-6.fc37                               @fedora                                               
abrt-java-connector.aarch64                          1.3.2-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
abrt-libs.aarch64                                    2.15.1-6.fc37                               @fedora                                               
abrt-plugin-bodhi.aarch64                            2.15.1-6.fc37                               @fedora                                               
abrt-retrace-client.aarch64                          2.15.1-6.fc37                               @fedora                                               
abrt-tui.noarch                                      2.15.1-6.fc37                               @fedora                                               
accountsservice.aarch64                              22.08.8-2.fc37                              @fedora                                               
accountsservice-libs.aarch64                         22.08.8-2.fc37                              @fedora                                               
acl.aarch64                                          2.3.1-4.fc37                                @fedora                                               
adcli.aarch64                                        0.9.1-11.fc37                               @fedora                                               
adobe-mappings-cmap.noarch                           20190730-4.fc37                             @fedora                                               
adobe-mappings-cmap-deprecated.noarch                20190730-4.fc37                             @fedora                                               
adobe-mappings-pdf.noarch                            20190401-2.fc37                             @fedora                                               
adobe-source-code-pro-fonts.noarch                   2.030.1.050-13.fc37                         @fedora                                               
adwaita-cursor-theme.noarch                          43-1.fc37                                   @fedora                                               
adwaita-icon-theme.noarch                            43-1.fc37                                   @fedora                                               
adwaita-qt5.aarch64                                  1.4.2-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
adwaita-qt6.aarch64                                  1.4.2-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
alsa-lib.aarch64                                     1.2.8-2.fc37                                @updates                                              
alsa-ucm.noarch                                      1.2.8-2.fc37                                @updates                                              
alsa-utils.aarch64                                   1.2.8-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
alternatives.aarch64                                 1.21-1.fc37                                 @updates                                              
amd-gpu-firmware.noarch                              20221109-144.fc37                           @updates                                              
anaconda-core.aarch64                                37.12.6-1.fc37                              @fedora                                               
anaconda-gui.aarch64                                 37.12.6-1.fc37                              @fedora                                               
anaconda-tui.aarch64                                 37.12.6-1.fc37                              @fedora                                               
anaconda-user-help.noarch                            26.2-3.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
anaconda-widgets.aarch64                             37.12.6-1.fc37                              @fedora                                               
annobin-docs.noarch                                  10.92-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
annobin-plugin-gcc.aarch64                           10.92-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
ansible-srpm-macros.noarch                           1-8.1.fc37                                  @updates                                              
anthy-unicode.aarch64                                1.0.0.20211224-7.fc37                       @fedora                                               
antiword.aarch64                                     0.37-34.fc37                                @fedora                                               
appstream.aarch64                                    0.15.5-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
appstream-data.noarch                                37-5.fc37                                   @updates                                              
apr.aarch64                                          1.7.0-18.fc37                               @fedora                                               
apr-util.aarch64                                     1.6.1-22.fc37                               @fedora                                               
apr-util-bdb.aarch64                                 1.6.1-22.fc37                               @fedora                                               
apr-util-openssl.aarch64                             1.6.1-22.fc37                               @fedora                                               
asahi-fwextract.noarch                               20221206-1.fc37                             @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:dcavalca:asahi-scripts
asahi-scripts.noarch                                 20221206-1.fc37                             @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:dcavalca:asahi-scripts
at.aarch64                                           3.2.5-4.fc37                                @fedora                                               
at-spi2-atk.aarch64                                  2.38.0-5.fc37                               @fedora                                               
at-spi2-core.aarch64                                 2.44.1-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
atk.aarch64                                          2.38.0-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
atkmm.aarch64                                        2.28.3-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
atmel-firmware.noarch                                1.3-27.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
attr.aarch64                                         2.5.1-5.fc37                                @fedora                                               
audit.aarch64                                        3.0.9-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
audit-libs.aarch64                                   3.0.9-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
augeas-libs.aarch64                                  1.13.0-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
authselect.aarch64                                   1.4.2-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
authselect-libs.aarch64                              1.4.2-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
autocorr-en.noarch                                   1:7.4.3.2-1.fc37                            @updates                                              
avahi.aarch64                                        0.8-18.fc37                                 @updates                                              
avahi-glib.aarch64                                   0.8-18.fc37                                 @updates                                              
avahi-gobject.aarch64                                0.8-18.fc37                                 @updates                                              
avahi-libs.aarch64                                   0.8-18.fc37                                 @updates                                              
avahi-tools.aarch64                                  0.8-18.fc37                                 @updates                                              
b43-fwcutter.aarch64                                 019-22.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
b43-openfwwf.noarch                                  5.2-29.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
babl.aarch64                                         0.1.92-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
baobab.aarch64                                       43.0-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
basesystem.noarch                                    11-14.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
bash.aarch64                                         5.2.9-3.fc37                                @updates                                              
bash-completion.noarch                               1:2.11-8.fc37                               @fedora                                               
bc.aarch64                                           1.07.1-16.fc37                              @fedora                                               
bcache-tools.aarch64                                 1.1-3.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
bind-libs.aarch64                                    32:9.18.8-1.fc37                            @updates                                              
bind-license.noarch                                  32:9.18.8-1.fc37                            @updates                                              
bind-utils.aarch64                                   32:9.18.8-1.fc37                            @updates                                              
bindgen-cli.aarch64                                  0.63.0-2.fc37                               @updates                                              
binutils.aarch64                                     2.38-25.fc37                                @updates                                              
binutils-gold.aarch64                                2.38-25.fc37                                @updates                                              
bison.aarch64                                        3.8.2-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
blivet-data.noarch                                   1:3.5.0-2.fc37                              @fedora                                               
blivet-gui-runtime.noarch                            2.4.0-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
bluez.aarch64                                        5.66-4.fc37                                 @updates                                              
bluez-cups.aarch64                                   5.66-4.fc37                                 @updates                                              
bluez-libs.aarch64                                   5.66-4.fc37                                 @updates                                              
bluez-obexd.aarch64                                  5.66-4.fc37                                 @updates                                              
bolt.aarch64                                         0.9.2-1.fc36                                @fedora                                               
boost-atomic.aarch64                                 1.78.0-9.fc37                               @fedora                                               
boost-chrono.aarch64                                 1.78.0-9.fc37                               @fedora                                               
boost-date-time.aarch64                              1.78.0-9.fc37                               @fedora                                               
boost-filesystem.aarch64                             1.78.0-9.fc37                               @fedora                                               
boost-iostreams.aarch64                              1.78.0-9.fc37                               @fedora                                               
boost-locale.aarch64                                 1.78.0-9.fc37                               @fedora                                               
boost-regex.aarch64                                  1.78.0-9.fc37                               @fedora                                               
boost-system.aarch64                                 1.78.0-9.fc37                               @fedora                                               
boost-thread.aarch64                                 1.78.0-9.fc37                               @fedora                                               
bpftool.aarch64                                      6.0.5-300.fc37                              @fedora                                               
brasero-libs.aarch64                                 3.12.3-4.fc37                               @fedora                                               
brlapi.aarch64                                       0.8.4-7.fc37                                @fedora                                               
brltty.aarch64                                       6.5-7.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
btrfs-progs.aarch64                                  6.0.2-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
bubblewrap.aarch64                                   0.5.0-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
bzip2.aarch64                                        1.0.8-12.fc37                               @fedora                                               
bzip2-libs.aarch64                                   1.0.8-12.fc37                               @fedora                                               
c-ares.aarch64                                       1.17.2-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
ca-certificates.noarch                               2022.2.54-5.fc37                            @fedora                                               
caca-utils.aarch64                                   0.99-0.62.beta20.fc37                       @fedora                                               
cairo.aarch64                                        1.17.6-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
cairo-gobject.aarch64                                1.17.6-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
cairomm.aarch64                                      1.14.4-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
capstone.aarch64                                     4.0.2-11.fc37                               @updates                                              
catatonit.aarch64                                    0.1.7-10.fc37                               @updates                                              
catimg.aarch64                                       2.7.0-6.fc37                                @fedora                                               
cdparanoia-libs.aarch64                              10.2-40.fc37                                @fedora                                               
checkpolicy.aarch64                                  3.4-3.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
cheese.aarch64                                       2:43~alpha-2.fc37                           @fedora                                               
cheese-libs.aarch64                                  2:43~alpha-2.fc37                           @fedora                                               
chrony.aarch64                                       4.3-1.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
cifs-utils.aarch64                                   6.15-2.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
cifs-utils-info.aarch64                              6.15-2.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
clang.aarch64                                        15.0.6-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
clang-libs.aarch64                                   15.0.6-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
clang-resource-filesystem.aarch64                    15.0.6-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
cldr-emoji-annotation.noarch                         1:42~beta3-1.fc37                           @updates                                              
cldr-emoji-annotation-dtd.noarch                     1:42~beta3-1.fc37                           @updates                                              
clucene-contribs-lib.aarch64                         2.3.3.4-44.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc37         @updates                                              
clucene-core.aarch64                                 2.3.3.4-44.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc37         @updates                                              
clutter.aarch64                                      1.26.4-9.fc37                               @fedora                                               
clutter-gst3.aarch64                                 3.0.27-14.fc37                              @fedora                                               
clutter-gtk.aarch64                                  1.8.4-14.fc37                               @fedora                                               
cogl.aarch64                                         1.22.8-6.fc37                               @fedora                                               
color-filesystem.noarch                              1-29.fc37                                   @fedora                                               
colord.aarch64                                       1.4.6-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
colord-gtk4.aarch64                                  0.3.0-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
colord-libs.aarch64                                  1.4.6-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
compiler-rt.aarch64                                  15.0.6-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
compsize.aarch64                                     1.5-4.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
conmon.aarch64                                       2:2.1.5-1.fc37                              @updates                                              
container-selinux.noarch                             2:2.193.0-1.fc37                            @updates                                              
containers-common.noarch                             4:1-73.fc37                                 @updates                                              
containers-common-extra.noarch                       4:1-73.fc37                                 @updates                                              
copy-jdk-configs.noarch                              4.1-1.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
coreutils.aarch64                                    9.1-6.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
coreutils-common.aarch64                             9.1-6.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
corosynclib.aarch64                                  3.1.7-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
cpio.aarch64                                         2.13-13.fc37                                @fedora                                               
cpp.aarch64                                          12.2.1-4.fc37                               @updates                                              
cpulimit.aarch64                                     1:0.2-17.20151118gitf4d2682.fc37            @fedora                                               
cracklib.aarch64                                     2.9.7-30.fc37                               @fedora                                               
cracklib-dicts.aarch64                               2.9.7-30.fc37                               @fedora                                               
createrepo_c.aarch64                                 0.20.1-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
createrepo_c-libs.aarch64                            0.20.1-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
criu.aarch64                                         3.17.1-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
criu-libs.aarch64                                    3.17.1-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
cronie.aarch64                                       1.6.1-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
cronie-anacron.aarch64                               1.6.1-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
crontabs.noarch                                      1.11-28.20190603git.fc37                    @fedora                                               
crun.aarch64                                         1.7.2-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
crypto-policies.noarch                               20220815-1.gite4ed860.fc37                  @fedora                                               
crypto-policies-scripts.noarch                       20220815-1.gite4ed860.fc37                  @fedora                                               
cryptsetup.aarch64                                   2.5.0-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
cryptsetup-libs.aarch64                              2.5.0-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
ctags.aarch64                                        5.9-8.20220724.0.fc37                       @fedora                                               
cups.aarch64                                         1:2.4.2-5.fc37                              @updates                                              
cups-client.aarch64                                  1:2.4.2-5.fc37                              @updates                                              
cups-filesystem.noarch                               1:2.4.2-5.fc37                              @updates                                              
cups-filters.aarch64                                 1.28.16-2.fc37                              @fedora                                               
cups-filters-braille.aarch64                         1.28.16-2.fc37                              @fedora                                               
cups-filters-libs.aarch64                            1.28.16-2.fc37                              @fedora                                               
cups-ipptool.aarch64                                 1:2.4.2-5.fc37                              @updates                                              
cups-libs.aarch64                                    1:2.4.2-5.fc37                              @updates                                              
cups-pk-helper.aarch64                               0.2.7-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
curl.aarch64                                         7.85.0-4.fc37                               @updates                                              
cxl-libs.aarch64                                     74-1.fc37                                   @fedora                                               
cyrus-sasl.aarch64                                   2.1.28-8.fc37                               @fedora                                               
cyrus-sasl-gssapi.aarch64                            2.1.28-8.fc37                               @fedora                                               
cyrus-sasl-lib.aarch64                               2.1.28-8.fc37                               @fedora                                               
cyrus-sasl-plain.aarch64                             2.1.28-8.fc37                               @fedora                                               
daxctl-libs.aarch64                                  74-1.fc37                                   @fedora                                               
dbus.aarch64                                         1:1.14.4-1.fc37                             @updates                                              
dbus-broker.aarch64                                  32-1.fc37                                   @fedora                                               
dbus-common.noarch                                   1:1.14.4-1.fc37                             @updates                                              
dbus-daemon.aarch64                                  1:1.14.4-1.fc37                             @updates                                              
dbus-glib.aarch64                                    0.112-4.fc37                                @fedora                                               
dbus-libs.aarch64                                    1:1.14.4-1.fc37                             @updates                                              
dbus-tools.aarch64                                   1:1.14.4-1.fc37                             @updates                                              
dbus-x11.aarch64                                     1:1.14.4-1.fc37                             @updates                                              
dconf.aarch64                                        0.40.0-7.fc37                               @fedora                                               
debugedit.aarch64                                    5.0-5.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
deltarpm.aarch64                                     3.6.3-4.fc37                                @fedora                                               
desktop-backgrounds-gnome.noarch                     37.0.0-4.fc37                               @updates                                              
desktop-file-utils.aarch64                           0.26-7.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
device-mapper.aarch64                                1.02.175-9.fc37                             @fedora                                               
device-mapper-event.aarch64                          1.02.175-9.fc37                             @fedora                                               
device-mapper-event-libs.aarch64                     1.02.175-9.fc37                             @fedora                                               
device-mapper-libs.aarch64                           1.02.175-9.fc37                             @fedora                                               
device-mapper-multipath.aarch64                      0.9.0-4.fc37                                @updates                                              
device-mapper-multipath-libs.aarch64                 0.9.0-4.fc37                                @updates                                              
device-mapper-persistent-data.aarch64                0.9.0-8.fc37                                @fedora                                               
dhcp-client.aarch64                                  12:4.4.3-4.P1.fc37                          @fedora                                               
dhcp-common.noarch                                   12:4.4.3-4.P1.fc37                          @fedora                                               
diffutils.aarch64                                    3.8-3.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
distribution-gpg-keys.noarch                         1.79-1.fc37                                 @updates                                              
djvulibre-libs.aarch64                               3.5.28-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
dleyna-connector-dbus.aarch64                        0.3.0-13.fc37                               @fedora                                               
dleyna-core.aarch64                                  0.6.0-14.fc37                               @fedora                                               
dleyna-renderer.aarch64                              0.6.0-15.fc37                               @fedora                                               
dleyna-server.aarch64                                0.6.0-14.fc37                               @fedora                                               
dmidecode.aarch64                                    1:3.4-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
dmraid.aarch64                                       1.0.0.rc16-53.fc37                          @fedora                                               
dmraid-events.aarch64                                1.0.0.rc16-53.fc37                          @fedora                                               
dmraid-libs.aarch64                                  1.0.0.rc16-53.fc37                          @fedora                                               
dnf.noarch                                           4.14.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
dnf-data.noarch                                      4.14.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
dnf-plugins-core.noarch                              4.3.1-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
dnf-utils.noarch                                     4.3.1-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
dnsmasq.aarch64                                      2.87-3.fc37                                 @updates                                              
dos2unix.aarch64                                     7.4.3-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
dosfstools.aarch64                                   4.2-4.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
dotconf.aarch64                                      1.3-30.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
double-conversion.aarch64                            3.1.5-7.fc37                                @fedora                                               
dracut.aarch64                                       057-5.fc37                                  @updates                                              
dracut-asahi.noarch                                  20221206-1.fc37                             @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:dcavalca:asahi-scripts
dracut-config-generic.aarch64                        057-5.fc37                                  @updates                                              
dracut-config-rescue.aarch64                         057-5.fc37                                  @updates                                              
dracut-network.aarch64                               057-5.fc37                                  @updates                                              
dracut-squash.aarch64                                057-5.fc37                                  @updates                                              
drpm.aarch64                                         0.5.1-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
duktape.aarch64                                      2.6.0-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
dwarves.aarch64                                      1.24-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
dwz.aarch64                                          0.14-7.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
e2fsprogs.aarch64                                    1.46.5-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
e2fsprogs-libs.aarch64                               1.46.5-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
ed.aarch64                                           1.18-2.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
editorconfig-libs.aarch64                            0.12.5-4.fc37                               @fedora                                               
edk2-aarch64.noarch                                  20220826gitba0e0e4c6a17-1.fc37              @fedora                                               
efi-filesystem.noarch                                5-6.fc37                                    @fedora                                               
efi-srpm-macros.noarch                               5-6.fc37                                    @fedora                                               
efivar-libs.aarch64                                  38-5.fc37                                   @fedora                                               
elfutils.aarch64                                     0.187-8.fc37                                @fedora                                               
elfutils-debuginfod-client.aarch64                   0.187-8.fc37                                @fedora                                               
elfutils-debuginfod-client-devel.aarch64             0.187-8.fc37                                @fedora                                               
elfutils-default-yama-scope.noarch                   0.187-8.fc37                                @fedora                                               
elfutils-devel.aarch64                               0.187-8.fc37                                @fedora                                               
elfutils-libelf.aarch64                              0.187-8.fc37                                @fedora                                               
elfutils-libelf-devel.aarch64                        0.187-8.fc37                                @fedora                                               
elfutils-libs.aarch64                                0.187-8.fc37                                @fedora                                               
emacs-filesystem.noarch                              1:28.1-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
enchant2.aarch64                                     2.3.3-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
eog.aarch64                                          43.1-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
epiphany-runtime.aarch64                             1:43.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
espeak-ng.aarch64                                    1.51.1-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
ethtool.aarch64                                      2:6.0-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
evince.aarch64                                       43.1-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
evince-djvu.aarch64                                  43.1-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
evince-libs.aarch64                                  43.1-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
evince-previewer.aarch64                             43.1-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
evince-thumbnailer.aarch64                           43.1-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
evolution-data-server.aarch64                        3.46.2-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
evolution-data-server-langpacks.noarch               3.46.2-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
exempi.aarch64                                       2.6.2-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
exfatprogs.aarch64                                   1.2.0-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
exiv2.aarch64                                        0.27.5-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
exiv2-libs.aarch64                                   0.27.5-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
expat.aarch64                                        2.5.0-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
f37-backgrounds-base.noarch                          37.0.4-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
f37-backgrounds-gnome.noarch                         37.0.4-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
fdk-aac-free.aarch64                                 2.0.0-9.fc37                                @fedora                                               
fedora-bookmarks.noarch                              28-25.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
fedora-chromium-config.noarch                        2.0-2.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
fedora-chromium-config-gnome.noarch                  2.0-2.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
fedora-flathub-remote.noarch                         1-3.fc37                                    @fedora                                               
fedora-gpg-keys.noarch                               37-1                                        @fedora                                               
fedora-logos.noarch                                  36.0.0-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
fedora-logos-httpd.noarch                            36.0.0-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
fedora-release.noarch                                37-15                                       @updates                                              
fedora-release-common.noarch                         37-15                                       @updates                                              
fedora-release-identity-basic.noarch                 37-15                                       @updates                                              
fedora-release-workstation.noarch                    37-15                                       @updates                                              
fedora-repos.noarch                                  37-1                                        @fedora                                               
fedora-repos-modular.noarch                          37-1                                        @fedora                                               
fedora-third-party.noarch                            0.10-3.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
fedora-workstation-backgrounds.noarch                1.4-1.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
fedora-workstation-repositories.noarch               35-4.fc37                                   @fedora                                               
file.aarch64                                         5.42-4.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
file-libs.aarch64                                    5.42-4.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
filesystem.aarch64                                   3.18-2.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
findutils.aarch64                                    1:4.9.0-2.fc37                              @fedora                                               
firefox.aarch64                                      108.0-2.fc37                                @updates                                              
firefox-langpacks.aarch64                            108.0-2.fc37                                @updates                                              
firewalld.noarch                                     1.2.2-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
firewalld-filesystem.noarch                          1.2.2-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
flac-libs.aarch64                                    1.3.4-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
flashrom.aarch64                                     1.2-9.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
flatpak.aarch64                                      1.14.1-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
flatpak-libs.aarch64                                 1.14.1-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
flatpak-selinux.noarch                               1.14.1-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
flatpak-session-helper.aarch64                       1.14.1-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
flex.aarch64                                         2.6.4-11.fc37                               @fedora                                               
flexiblas.aarch64                                    3.2.1-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
flexiblas-netlib.aarch64                             3.2.1-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
flexiblas-openblas-openmp.aarch64                    3.2.1-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
fmt.aarch64                                          9.1.0-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
folks.aarch64                                        1:0.15.5-3.fc37                             @fedora                                               
fontconfig.aarch64                                   2.14.1-2.fc37                               @updates                                              
fonts-filesystem.noarch                              1:2.0.5-9.fc37                              @fedora                                               
fonts-srpm-macros.noarch                             1:2.0.5-9.fc37                              @fedora                                               
fpaste.noarch                                        0.4.3.0-1.fc37                              @updates                                              
fpc-srpm-macros.noarch                               1.3-6.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
fprintd.aarch64                                      1.94.2-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
fprintd-pam.aarch64                                  1.94.2-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
freeglut.aarch64                                     3.2.2-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
freerdp-libs.aarch64                                 2:2.9.0-1.fc37                              @updates                                              
freetype.aarch64                                     2.12.1-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
frei0r-plugins.aarch64                               1.8.0-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
fribidi.aarch64                                      1.0.12-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
fros.noarch                                          1.1-30.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
fros-gnome.noarch                                    1.1-30.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
fstrm.aarch64                                        0.6.1-5.fc37                                @fedora                                               
fuse.aarch64                                         2.9.9-15.fc37                               @fedora                                               
fuse-common.aarch64                                  3.10.5-5.fc37                               @fedora                                               
fuse-libs.aarch64                                    2.9.9-15.fc37                               @fedora                                               
fuse-overlayfs.aarch64                               1.9-6.fc37                                  @updates                                              
fuse3.aarch64                                        3.10.5-5.fc37                               @fedora                                               
fuse3-libs.aarch64                                   3.10.5-5.fc37                               @fedora                                               
fwupd.aarch64                                        1.8.7-2.fc37                                @updates                                              
fwupd-efi.aarch64                                    1.3-1.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
fwupd-plugin-flashrom.aarch64                        1.8.7-2.fc37                                @updates                                              
fwupd-plugin-modem-manager.aarch64                   1.8.7-2.fc37                                @updates                                              
fwupd-plugin-uefi-capsule-data.aarch64               1.8.7-2.fc37                                @updates                                              
gamemode.aarch64                                     1.7-1.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
gavl.aarch64                                         1.4.0-21.fc37                               @fedora                                               
gawk.aarch64                                         5.1.1-4.fc37                                @fedora                                               
gc.aarch64                                           8.0.6-4.fc37                                @fedora                                               
gcc.aarch64                                          12.2.1-4.fc37                               @updates                                              
gcc-c++.aarch64                                      12.2.1-4.fc37                               @updates                                              
gcc-plugin-annobin.aarch64                           12.2.1-4.fc37                               @updates                                              
gcc-plugin-devel.aarch64                             12.2.1-4.fc37                               @updates                                              
gcr.aarch64                                          3.92.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
gcr-libs.aarch64                                     3.92.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
gcr3.aarch64                                         3.41.1-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
gcr3-base.aarch64                                    3.41.1-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
gd.aarch64                                           2.3.3-9.fc37                                @updates                                              
gdb-headless.aarch64                                 12.1-6.fc37                                 @updates                                              
gdbm-libs.aarch64                                    1:1.23-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
gdisk.aarch64                                        1.0.9-4.fc37                                @fedora                                               
gdk-pixbuf2.aarch64                                  2.42.10-1.fc37                              @fedora                                               
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.aarch64                          2.42.10-1.fc37                              @fedora                                               
gdk-pixbuf2-xlib.aarch64                             2.40.2-5.fc37                               @fedora                                               
gdm.aarch64                                          1:43.0-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
gdouros-symbola-fonts.noarch                         10.24-11.fc37                               @fedora                                               
gegl04.aarch64                                       0.4.38-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
genisoimage.aarch64                                  1.1.11-50.fc37                              @fedora                                               
geoclue2.aarch64                                     2.6.0-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
geoclue2-libs.aarch64                                2.6.0-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
geocode-glib-data.aarch64                            3.26.4-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
geocode-glib2.aarch64                                3.26.4-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
geolite2-city.noarch                                 20191217-7.fc37                             @fedora                                               
geolite2-country.noarch                              20191217-7.fc37                             @fedora                                               
gettext.aarch64                                      0.21.1-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
gettext-envsubst.aarch64                             0.21.1-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
gettext-libs.aarch64                                 0.21.1-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
gettext-runtime.aarch64                              0.21.1-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
ghc-srpm-macros.noarch                               1.5.0-7.fc37                                @fedora                                               
ghostscript.aarch64                                  9.56.1-5.fc37                               @updates                                              
ghostscript-tools-fonts.aarch64                      9.56.1-5.fc37                               @updates                                              
ghostscript-tools-printing.aarch64                   9.56.1-5.fc37                               @updates                                              
giflib.aarch64                                       5.2.1-14.fc37                               @fedora                                               
git.aarch64                                          2.38.1-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
git-core.aarch64                                     2.38.1-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
git-core-doc.noarch                                  2.38.1-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
gjs.aarch64                                          1.74.1-3.fc37                               @updates                                              
glib-networking.aarch64                              2.74.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
glib2.aarch64                                        2.74.1-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
glibc.aarch64                                        2.36-8.fc37                                 @updates                                              
glibc-all-langpacks.aarch64                          2.36-8.fc37                                 @updates                                              
glibc-common.aarch64                                 2.36-8.fc37                                 @updates                                              
glibc-devel.aarch64                                  2.36-8.fc37                                 @updates                                              
glibc-gconv-extra.aarch64                            2.36-8.fc37                                 @updates                                              
glibc-langpack-en.aarch64                            2.36-8.fc37                                 @updates                                              
glibc-minimal-langpack.aarch64                       2.36-8.fc37                                 @updates                                              
glibc-static.aarch64                                 2.36-8.fc37                                 @updates                                              
glibmm2.4.aarch64                                    2.66.5-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
glusterfs.aarch64                                    10.3-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
glusterfs-cli.aarch64                                10.3-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
glusterfs-client-xlators.aarch64                     10.3-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
glusterfs-fuse.aarch64                               10.3-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
glx-utils.aarch64                                    8.4.0-14.20210504git0f9e7d9.fc37            @fedora                                               
gmp.aarch64                                          1:6.2.1-3.fc37                              @fedora                                               
gmp-c++.aarch64                                      1:6.2.1-3.fc37                              @fedora                                               
gmp-devel.aarch64                                    1:6.2.1-3.fc37                              @fedora                                               
gnat-srpm-macros.noarch                              4-16.fc37                                   @fedora                                               
gnome-abrt.aarch64                                   1.4.2-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
gnome-autoar.aarch64                                 0.4.3-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
gnome-backgrounds.noarch                             43-1.fc37                                   @fedora                                               
gnome-bluetooth.aarch64                              1:42.4-3.fc37                               @updates                                              
gnome-bluetooth-libs.aarch64                         1:42.4-3.fc37                               @updates                                              
gnome-boxes.aarch64                                  43.1-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
gnome-browser-connector.aarch64                      42.1-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
gnome-calculator.aarch64                             43.0.1-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
gnome-calendar.aarch64                               43.1-3.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
gnome-characters.aarch64                             43.1-1.fc37                                 @updates                                              
gnome-classic-session.noarch                         43.0-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
gnome-clocks.aarch64                                 43.0-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
gnome-color-manager.aarch64                          3.36.0-8.fc37                               @fedora                                               
gnome-connections.aarch64                            43.0-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
gnome-contacts.aarch64                               43.0-3.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
gnome-control-center.aarch64                         43.1-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
gnome-control-center-filesystem.noarch               43.1-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
gnome-desktop3.aarch64                               43-1.fc37                                   @fedora                                               
gnome-desktop4.aarch64                               43-1.fc37                                   @fedora                                               
gnome-disk-utility.aarch64                           43.0-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
gnome-font-viewer.aarch64                            43.0-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
gnome-initial-setup.aarch64                          43.1-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
gnome-keyring.aarch64                                42.1-2.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
gnome-keyring-pam.aarch64                            42.1-2.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
gnome-logs.aarch64                                   43.0-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
gnome-maps.aarch64                                   43.2-1.fc37                                 @updates                                              
gnome-menus.aarch64                                  3.36.0-7.fc37                               @fedora                                               
gnome-online-accounts.aarch64                        3.46.0-2.fc37                               @updates                                              
gnome-photos.aarch64                                 43.0-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
gnome-remote-desktop.aarch64                         43.1-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
gnome-session.aarch64                                43.0-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
gnome-session-wayland-session.aarch64                43.0-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
gnome-session-xsession.aarch64                       43.0-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
gnome-settings-daemon.aarch64                        43.0-2.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
gnome-shell.aarch64                                  43.2-1.fc37                                 @updates                                              
gnome-shell-extension-apps-menu.noarch               43.0-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
gnome-shell-extension-background-logo.noarch         43.0-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
gnome-shell-extension-common.noarch                  43.0-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
gnome-shell-extension-launch-new-instance.noarch     43.0-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
gnome-shell-extension-places-menu.noarch             43.0-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
gnome-shell-extension-window-list.noarch             43.0-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
gnome-software.aarch64                               43.2-1.fc37                                 @updates                                              
gnome-software-rpm-ostree.aarch64                    43.2-1.fc37                                 @updates                                              
gnome-system-monitor.aarch64                         42.0-2.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
gnome-terminal.aarch64                               3.45.90-1.fc37                              @fedora                                               
gnome-terminal-nautilus.aarch64                      3.45.90-1.fc37                              @fedora                                               
gnome-text-editor.aarch64                            43.1-2.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
gnome-themes-extra.aarch64                           3.28-15.fc37                                @fedora                                               
gnome-tour.aarch64                                   43.0-2.fc37                                 @updates                                              
gnome-user-docs.noarch                               43.0-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
gnome-user-share.aarch64                             43.0-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
gnome-video-effects.noarch                           0.5.0-8.fc37                                @fedora                                               
gnome-weather.noarch                                 43.0-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
gnupg2.aarch64                                       2.3.8-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
gnutls.aarch64                                       3.7.8-3.fc37                                @updates                                              
gnutls-dane.aarch64                                  3.7.8-3.fc37                                @updates                                              
gnutls-utils.aarch64                                 3.7.8-3.fc37                                @updates                                              
go-srpm-macros.noarch                                3.2.0-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
gobject-introspection.aarch64                        1.74.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
gom.aarch64                                          0.4-9.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
google-carlito-fonts.noarch                          1.103-0.19.20130920.fc37                    @fedora                                               
google-droid-sans-fonts.noarch                       20200215-13.fc37                            @fedora                                               
google-noto-cjk-fonts-common.noarch                  20201206-5.fc37                             @fedora                                               
google-noto-emoji-color-fonts.noarch                 20220916-2.fc37                             @fedora                                               
google-noto-fonts-common.noarch                      20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37              @updates                                              
google-noto-naskh-arabic-vf-fonts.noarch             20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37              @updates                                              
google-noto-sans-arabic-vf-fonts.noarch              20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37              @updates                                              
google-noto-sans-armenian-vf-fonts.noarch            20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37              @updates                                              
google-noto-sans-canadian-aboriginal-vf-fonts.noarch 20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37              @updates                                              
google-noto-sans-cherokee-vf-fonts.noarch            20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37              @updates                                              
google-noto-sans-cjk-ttc-fonts.noarch                20201206-5.fc37                             @fedora                                               
google-noto-sans-ethiopic-vf-fonts.noarch            20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37              @updates                                              
google-noto-sans-georgian-vf-fonts.noarch            20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37              @updates                                              
google-noto-sans-gurmukhi-vf-fonts.noarch            20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37              @updates                                              
google-noto-sans-hebrew-vf-fonts.noarch              20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37              @updates                                              
google-noto-sans-lao-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37              @updates                                              
google-noto-sans-math-fonts.noarch                   20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37              @updates                                              
google-noto-sans-mono-vf-fonts.noarch                20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37              @updates                                              
google-noto-sans-sinhala-vf-fonts.noarch             20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37              @updates                                              
google-noto-sans-thaana-vf-fonts.noarch              20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37              @updates                                              
google-noto-sans-vf-fonts.noarch                     20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37              @updates                                              
google-noto-serif-vf-fonts.noarch                    20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37              @updates                                              
gpgme.aarch64                                        1.17.0-4.fc37                               @fedora                                               
gpgmepp.aarch64                                      1.17.0-4.fc37                               @fedora                                               
gpm-libs.aarch64                                     1.20.7-41.fc37                              @fedora                                               
graphene.aarch64                                     1.10.6-4.fc37                               @fedora                                               
graphite2.aarch64                                    1.3.14-10.fc37                              @fedora                                               
graphviz.aarch64                                     5.0.0-4.fc37                                @fedora                                               
grep.aarch64                                         3.7-4.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
grilo.aarch64                                        0.3.15-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
grilo-plugins.aarch64                                0.3.15-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
groff-base.aarch64                                   1.22.4-10.fc37                              @fedora                                               
grub2-common.noarch                                  1:2.06-67.fc37                              @updates                                              
grub2-efi-aa64.aarch64                               1:2.06-67.fc37                              @updates                                              
grub2-efi-aa64-modules.noarch                        1:2.06-67.fc37                              @updates                                              
grub2-tools.aarch64                                  1:2.06-67.fc37                              @updates                                              
grub2-tools-minimal.aarch64                          1:2.06-67.fc37                              @updates                                              
grubby.aarch64                                       8.40-66.fc37                                @fedora                                               
gsettings-desktop-schemas.aarch64                    43.0-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
gsm.aarch64                                          1.0.22-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
gsound.aarch64                                       1.0.3-4.fc37                                @fedora                                               
gspell.aarch64                                       1.12.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
gssdp.aarch64                                        1.4.0.1-3.fc37                              @fedora                                               
gssproxy.aarch64                                     0.9.1-4.fc37                                @fedora                                               
gst-editing-services.aarch64                         1.20.4-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
gstreamer1.aarch64                                   1.20.4-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free.aarch64                  1.20.4-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
gstreamer1-plugins-base.aarch64                      1.20.4-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
gstreamer1-plugins-good.aarch64                      1.20.4-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
gstreamer1-plugins-good-gtk.aarch64                  1.20.4-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
gstreamer1-plugins-good-qt.aarch64                   1.20.4-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly-free.aarch64                 1.20.4-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
gtk-update-icon-cache.aarch64                        3.24.35-1.fc37                              @updates                                              
gtk-vnc2.aarch64                                     1.3.0-5.fc37                                @fedora                                               
gtk3.aarch64                                         3.24.35-1.fc37                              @updates                                              
gtk3-immodule-xim.aarch64                            3.24.35-1.fc37                              @updates                                              
gtk4.aarch64                                         4.8.2-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
gtkmm3.0.aarch64                                     3.24.7-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
gtksourceview4.aarch64                               4.8.3-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
gtksourceview5.aarch64                               5.6.1-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
gts.aarch64                                          0.7.6-42.20121130.fc37                      @fedora                                               
guile22.aarch64                                      2.2.7-6.fc37                                @fedora                                               
gupnp.aarch64                                        1.4.3-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
gupnp-av.aarch64                                     0.14.1-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
gupnp-dlna.aarch64                                   0.12.0-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
gupnp-igd.aarch64                                    1.2.0-6.fc37                                @fedora                                               
gutenprint.aarch64                                   5.3.4-9.fc37                                @fedora                                               
gutenprint-cups.aarch64                              5.3.4-9.fc37                                @fedora                                               
gutenprint-libs.aarch64                              5.3.4-9.fc37                                @fedora                                               
gvfs.aarch64                                         1.50.2-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
gvfs-afc.aarch64                                     1.50.2-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
gvfs-afp.aarch64                                     1.50.2-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
gvfs-archive.aarch64                                 1.50.2-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
gvfs-client.aarch64                                  1.50.2-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
gvfs-fuse.aarch64                                    1.50.2-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
gvfs-goa.aarch64                                     1.50.2-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
gvfs-gphoto2.aarch64                                 1.50.2-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
gvfs-mtp.aarch64                                     1.50.2-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
gvfs-smb.aarch64                                     1.50.2-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
gvnc.aarch64                                         1.3.0-5.fc37                                @fedora                                               
gvncpulse.aarch64                                    1.3.0-5.fc37                                @fedora                                               
gzip.aarch64                                         1.12-2.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
harfbuzz.aarch64                                     5.2.0-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
harfbuzz-icu.aarch64                                 5.2.0-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
hicolor-icon-theme.noarch                            0.17-14.fc37                                @fedora                                               
highcontrast-icon-theme.noarch                       3.28-15.fc37                                @fedora                                               
highway.aarch64                                      1.0.1-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
hostname.aarch64                                     3.23-7.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
hplip.aarch64                                        3.22.10-3.fc37                              @updates                                              
hplip-common.aarch64                                 3.22.10-3.fc37                              @updates                                              
hplip-libs.aarch64                                   3.22.10-3.fc37                              @updates                                              
ht-caladea-fonts.noarch                              1:1.001-7.20200428git336a529.fc37           @fedora                                               
httpd.aarch64                                        2.4.54-5.fc37                               @fedora                                               
httpd-core.aarch64                                   2.4.54-5.fc37                               @fedora                                               
httpd-filesystem.noarch                              2.4.54-5.fc37                               @fedora                                               
httpd-tools.aarch64                                  2.4.54-5.fc37                               @fedora                                               
hunspell.aarch64                                     1.7.0-21.fc37                               @fedora                                               
hunspell-en.noarch                                   0.20140811.1-23.fc37                        @fedora                                               
hunspell-en-GB.noarch                                0.20140811.1-23.fc37                        @fedora                                               
hunspell-en-US.noarch                                0.20140811.1-23.fc37                        @fedora                                               
hunspell-filesystem.aarch64                          1.7.0-21.fc37                               @fedora                                               
hwdata.noarch                                        0.365-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
hyperv-daemons.aarch64                               0-0.39.20220731git.fc37                     @fedora                                               
hyperv-daemons-license.noarch                        0-0.39.20220731git.fc37                     @fedora                                               
hypervfcopyd.aarch64                                 0-0.39.20220731git.fc37                     @fedora                                               
hypervkvpd.aarch64                                   0-0.39.20220731git.fc37                     @fedora                                               
hypervvssd.aarch64                                   0-0.39.20220731git.fc37                     @fedora                                               
hyphen.aarch64                                       2.8.8-18.fc37                               @fedora                                               
hyphen-en.noarch                                     2.8.8-18.fc37                               @fedora                                               
ibus.aarch64                                         1.5.27-4.fc37                               @updates                                              
ibus-anthy.aarch64                                   1.5.14-7.fc37                               @fedora                                               
ibus-anthy-python.noarch                             1.5.14-7.fc37                               @fedora                                               
ibus-gtk3.aarch64                                    1.5.27-4.fc37                               @updates                                              
ibus-gtk4.aarch64                                    1.5.27-4.fc37                               @updates                                              
ibus-hangul.aarch64                                  1.5.4-13.fc37                               @fedora                                               
ibus-libpinyin.aarch64                               1.13.1-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
ibus-libs.aarch64                                    1.5.27-4.fc37                               @updates                                              
ibus-libzhuyin.aarch64                               1.10.1-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
ibus-m17n.aarch64                                    1.4.18-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
ibus-setup.noarch                                    1.5.27-4.fc37                               @updates                                              
ibus-typing-booster.noarch                           2.19.10-1.fc37                              @updates                                              
iio-sensor-proxy.aarch64                             3.4-2.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
im-chooser.aarch64                                   1.7.4-4.fc37                                @fedora                                               
im-chooser-common.aarch64                            1.7.4-4.fc37                                @fedora                                               
ima-evm-utils.aarch64                                1.4-6.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
imath.aarch64                                        3.1.6-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
imlib2.aarch64                                       1.7.4-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
imsettings.aarch64                                   1.8.3-6.fc37                                @fedora                                               
imsettings-gsettings.aarch64                         1.8.3-6.fc37                                @fedora                                               
imsettings-libs.aarch64                              1.8.3-6.fc37                                @fedora                                               
inih.aarch64                                         56-2.fc37                                   @fedora                                               
iniparser.aarch64                                    4.1-10.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
initial-setup.aarch64                                0.3.95-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
initial-setup-gui.aarch64                            0.3.95-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
initscripts-service.noarch                           10.17-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
intel-gpu-firmware.noarch                            20221109-144.fc37                           @updates                                              
ipcalc.aarch64                                       1.0.2-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
iproute.aarch64                                      5.18.0-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
iproute-tc.aarch64                                   5.18.0-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
ipset.aarch64                                        7.15-5.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
ipset-libs.aarch64                                   7.15-5.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
iptables-libs.aarch64                                1.8.8-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
iptables-nft.aarch64                                 1.8.8-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
iptstate.aarch64                                     2.2.7-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
iputils.aarch64                                      20221126-1.fc37                             @updates                                              
ipxe-roms-qemu.noarch                                20220210-2.git64113751.fc37                 @fedora                                               
irqbalance.aarch64                                   2:1.9.1-1.fc37                              @updates                                              
iscsi-initiator-utils.aarch64                        6.2.1.4-6.git2a8f9d8.fc37                   @fedora                                               
iscsi-initiator-utils-iscsiuio.aarch64               6.2.1.4-6.git2a8f9d8.fc37                   @fedora                                               
isns-utils-libs.aarch64                              0.101-5.fc37                                @fedora                                               
iso-codes.noarch                                     4.11.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
iw.aarch64                                           5.9-5.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
iwl100-firmware.noarch                               39.31.5.1-144.fc37                          @updates                                              
iwl1000-firmware.noarch                              1:39.31.5.1-144.fc37                        @updates                                              
iwl105-firmware.noarch                               18.168.6.1-144.fc37                         @updates                                              
iwl135-firmware.noarch                               18.168.6.1-144.fc37                         @updates                                              
iwl2000-firmware.noarch                              18.168.6.1-144.fc37                         @updates                                              
iwl2030-firmware.noarch                              18.168.6.1-144.fc37                         @updates                                              
iwl3160-firmware.noarch                              1:25.30.13.0-144.fc37                       @updates                                              
iwl3945-firmware.noarch                              15.32.2.9-144.fc37                          @updates                                              
iwl4965-firmware.noarch                              228.61.2.24-144.fc37                        @updates                                              
iwl5000-firmware.noarch                              8.83.5.1_1-144.fc37                         @updates                                              
iwl5150-firmware.noarch                              8.24.2.2-144.fc37                           @updates                                              
iwl6000-firmware.noarch                              9.221.4.1-144.fc37                          @updates                                              
iwl6000g2a-firmware.noarch                           18.168.6.1-144.fc37                         @updates                                              
iwl6000g2b-firmware.noarch                           18.168.6.1-144.fc37                         @updates                                              
iwl6050-firmware.noarch                              41.28.5.1-144.fc37                          @updates                                              
iwl7260-firmware.noarch                              1:25.30.13.0-144.fc37                       @updates                                              
iwlax2xx-firmware.noarch                             20221109-144.fc37                           @updates                                              
jansson.aarch64                                      2.13.1-5.fc37                               @fedora                                               
jasper-libs.aarch64                                  3.0.6-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
java-17-openjdk-headless.aarch64                     1:17.0.5.0.8-1.fc37                         @updates                                              
javapackages-filesystem.noarch                       6.1.0-4.fc37                                @fedora                                               
javascriptcoregtk4.1.aarch64                         2.38.2-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
javascriptcoregtk5.0.aarch64                         2.38.2-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
jbig2dec-libs.aarch64                                0.19-7.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
jbigkit-libs.aarch64                                 2.1-24.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
jemalloc.aarch64                                     5.3.0-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
jomolhari-fonts.noarch                               0.003-36.fc37                               @fedora                                               
jq.aarch64                                           1.6-14.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
js-jquery.noarch                                     3.6.0-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
json-c.aarch64                                       0.16-3.fc37                                 @updates                                              
json-glib.aarch64                                    1.6.6-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
julietaula-montserrat-fonts.noarch                   1:7.222-3.fc37                              @fedora                                               
jxl-pixbuf-loader.aarch64                            1:0.7.0-3.fc37                              @fedora                                               
kasumi-common.noarch                                 2.5-38.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
kasumi-unicode.aarch64                               2.5-38.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
kbd.aarch64                                          2.5.1-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
kbd-legacy.noarch                                    2.5.1-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
kbd-misc.noarch                                      2.5.1-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
kernel.aarch64                                       6.1.0-0.rc8.e2b542100719.58.asahi.test.fc37 @System                                               
kernel-core.aarch64                                  6.1.0-0.rc8.e2b542100719.58.asahi.test.fc37 @System                                               
kernel-debuginfo.aarch64                             5.19.16-401.asahi.fc37                      @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:ngompa:fedora-asahi   
kernel-debuginfo-common-aarch64.aarch64              5.19.16-401.asahi.fc37                      @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:ngompa:fedora-asahi   
kernel-devel.aarch64                                 5.19.16-401.asahi.fc37                      @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:ngompa:fedora-asahi   
kernel-devel-matched.aarch64                         5.19.16-401.asahi.fc37                      @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:ngompa:fedora-asahi   
kernel-headers.aarch64                               6.0.5-300.fc37                              @fedora                                               
kernel-modules.aarch64                               6.1.0-0.rc8.e2b542100719.58.asahi.test.fc37 @System                                               
kernel-modules-extra.aarch64                         6.1.0-0.rc8.e2b542100719.58.asahi.test.fc37 @System                                               
kernel-modules-internal.aarch64                      6.1.0-0.rc8.e2b542100719.58.asahi.test.fc37 @System                                               
kernel-rpm-macros.noarch                             205-15.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
kernel-srpm-macros.noarch                            1.0-15.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
kexec-tools.aarch64                                  2.0.25-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
keybinder3.aarch64                                   0.3.2-14.fc37                               @fedora                                               
keyutils.aarch64                                     1.6.1-5.fc37                                @fedora                                               
keyutils-libs.aarch64                                1.6.1-5.fc37                                @fedora                                               
khmer-os-system-fonts.noarch                         5.0-36.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
kmod.aarch64                                         30-2.fc37                                   @fedora                                               
kmod-libs.aarch64                                    30-2.fc37                                   @fedora                                               
kpartx.aarch64                                       0.9.0-4.fc37                                @updates                                              
krb5-libs.aarch64                                    1.19.2-13.fc37                              @updates                                              
lame-libs.aarch64                                    3.100-13.fc37                               @fedora                                               
langpacks-core-en.noarch                             3.0-26.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
langpacks-core-font-en.noarch                        3.0-26.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
langpacks-en.noarch                                  3.0-26.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
langtable.noarch                                     0.0.61-2.fc37                               @updates                                              
lasi.aarch64                                         1.1.3-9.fc37                                @fedora                                               
lcms2.aarch64                                        2.14-1.fc37                                 @updates                                              
less.aarch64                                         590-5.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
libICE.aarch64                                       1.0.10-9.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libSM.aarch64                                        1.2.3-11.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libX11.aarch64                                       1.8.1-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libX11-common.noarch                                 1.8.1-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libX11-xcb.aarch64                                   1.8.1-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libXau.aarch64                                       1.0.10-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libXcomposite.aarch64                                0.4.5-8.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libXcursor.aarch64                                   1.2.1-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libXdamage.aarch64                                   1.1.5-8.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libXdmcp.aarch64                                     1.1.3-9.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libXext.aarch64                                      1.3.4-9.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libXfixes.aarch64                                    6.0.0-4.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libXfont2.aarch64                                    2.0.3-13.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libXft.aarch64                                       2.3.4-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libXi.aarch64                                        1.8-3.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
libXinerama.aarch64                                  1.1.4-11.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libXmu.aarch64                                       1.1.3-9.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libXpm.aarch64                                       3.5.13-8.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libXrandr.aarch64                                    1.5.2-9.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libXrender.aarch64                                   0.9.10-17.fc37                              @fedora                                               
libXres.aarch64                                      1.2.1-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libXt.aarch64                                        1.2.1-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libXtst.aarch64                                      1.2.3-17.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libXv.aarch64                                        1.0.11-17.fc37                              @fedora                                               
libXxf86dga.aarch64                                  1.1.5-9.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libXxf86vm.aarch64                                   1.1.4-19.fc37                               @fedora                                               
liba52.aarch64                                       0.7.4-43.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libabw.aarch64                                       0.1.3-8.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libacl.aarch64                                       2.3.1-4.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libadwaita.aarch64                                   1.2.0-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libadwaita-qt5.aarch64                               1.4.2-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libadwaita-qt6.aarch64                               1.4.2-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libaio.aarch64                                       0.3.111-14.fc37                             @fedora                                               
libao.aarch64                                        1.2.0-23.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libaom.aarch64                                       3.5.0-2.fc37                                @updates                                              
libappstream-glib.aarch64                            0.8.1-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libarchive.aarch64                                   3.6.1-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libargon2.aarch64                                    20190702-1.fc37                             @fedora                                               
libasan.aarch64                                      12.2.1-4.fc37                               @updates                                              
libassuan.aarch64                                    2.5.5-5.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libasyncns.aarch64                                   0.8-23.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
libatasmart.aarch64                                  0.19-23.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libatomic.aarch64                                    12.2.1-4.fc37                               @updates                                              
libattr.aarch64                                      2.5.1-5.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libavif.aarch64                                      0.11.1-4.fc37                               @updates                                              
libb2.aarch64                                        0.98.1-7.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libbabeltrace.aarch64                                1.5.8-12.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libbasicobjects.aarch64                              0.1.1-52.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libblkid.aarch64                                     2.38.1-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libblockdev.aarch64                                  2.28-2.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
libblockdev-btrfs.aarch64                            2.28-2.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
libblockdev-crypto.aarch64                           2.28-2.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
libblockdev-dm.aarch64                               2.28-2.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
libblockdev-fs.aarch64                               2.28-2.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
libblockdev-kbd.aarch64                              2.28-2.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
libblockdev-loop.aarch64                             2.28-2.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
libblockdev-lvm.aarch64                              2.28-2.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
libblockdev-mdraid.aarch64                           2.28-2.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
libblockdev-mpath.aarch64                            2.28-2.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
libblockdev-nvdimm.aarch64                           2.28-2.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
libblockdev-part.aarch64                             2.28-2.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
libblockdev-swap.aarch64                             2.28-2.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
libblockdev-utils.aarch64                            2.28-2.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
libbluray.aarch64                                    1.3.3-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libbpf.aarch64                                       2:0.8.0-2.fc37                              @fedora                                               
libbrotli.aarch64                                    1.0.9-9.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libbsd.aarch64                                       0.10.0-10.fc37                              @fedora                                               
libbytesize.aarch64                                  2.7-3.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
libcaca.aarch64                                      0.99-0.62.beta20.fc37                       @fedora                                               
libcacard.aarch64                                    3:2.8.1-3.fc37                              @fedora                                               
libcanberra.aarch64                                  0.30-29.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libcanberra-gtk3.aarch64                             0.30-29.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libcap.aarch64                                       2.48-5.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
libcap-ng.aarch64                                    0.8.3-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libcap-ng-python3.aarch64                            0.8.3-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libcbor.aarch64                                      0.7.0-7.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libcdio.aarch64                                      2.1.0-8.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libcdio-paranoia.aarch64                             10.2+2.0.1-7.fc37                           @fedora                                               
libcdr.aarch64                                       0.1.7-7.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libcloudproviders.aarch64                            0.3.1-6.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libcmis.aarch64                                      0.5.2-15.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libcollection.aarch64                                0.7.0-52.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libcom_err.aarch64                                   1.46.5-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libcomps.aarch64                                     0.1.18-4.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libcue.aarch64                                       2.2.1-10.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libcurl.aarch64                                      7.85.0-4.fc37                               @updates                                              
libdaemon.aarch64                                    0.14-24.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libdatrie.aarch64                                    0.2.13-4.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libdav1d.aarch64                                     1.0.0-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libdazzle.aarch64                                    3.44.0-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libdb.aarch64                                        5.3.28-53.fc37                              @fedora                                               
libdecor.aarch64                                     0.1.1-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
libdhash.aarch64                                     0.5.0-52.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libdmapsharing.aarch64                               2.9.41-8.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libdmapsharing4.aarch64                              3.9.10-6.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libdnf.aarch64                                       0.68.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libdrm.aarch64                                       2.4.114-1.fc37                              @updates                                              
libdvdnav.aarch64                                    6.1.1-4.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libdvdread.aarch64                                   6.1.3-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libdwarves1.aarch64                                  1.24-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
libe-book.aarch64                                    0.1.3-21.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libeconf.aarch64                                     0.4.0-4.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libedit.aarch64                                      3.1-43.20221009cvs.fc37                     @updates                                              
libeot.aarch64                                       0.01-19.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libepoxy.aarch64                                     1.5.10-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libepubgen.aarch64                                   0.1.1-10.fc37                               @fedora                                               
liberation-fonts-common.noarch                       1:2.1.5-3.fc37                              @fedora                                               
liberation-mono-fonts.noarch                         1:2.1.5-3.fc37                              @fedora                                               
liberation-sans-fonts.noarch                         1:2.1.5-3.fc37                              @fedora                                               
liberation-serif-fonts.noarch                        1:2.1.5-3.fc37                              @fedora                                               
libertas-usb8388-firmware.noarch                     2:20221109-144.fc37                         @updates                                              
libestr.aarch64                                      0.1.11-4.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libetonyek.aarch64                                   0.1.10-4.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libev.aarch64                                        4.33-6.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
libevdev.aarch64                                     1.13.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libevent.aarch64                                     2.1.12-7.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libexif.aarch64                                      0.6.24-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libexttextcat.aarch64                                3.4.6-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libfastjson.aarch64                                  0.99.9-4.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libfdisk.aarch64                                     2.38.1-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libfdt.aarch64                                       1.6.1-5.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libffi.aarch64                                       3.4.2-9.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libfido2.aarch64                                     1.11.0-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libfontenc.aarch64                                   1.1.4-4.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libfprint.aarch64                                    1.94.4-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libfreehand.aarch64                                  0.1.2-12.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libfsverity.aarch64                                  1.4-8.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
libftdi.aarch64                                      1.5-5.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
libgcab1.aarch64                                     1.5-1.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
libgcc.aarch64                                       12.2.1-4.fc37                               @updates                                              
libgcrypt.aarch64                                    1.10.1-4.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libgdata.aarch64                                     0.18.1-6.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libgdither.aarch64                                   0.6-27.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
libgee.aarch64                                       0.20.6-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libgexiv2.aarch64                                    0.14.0-4.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libgfapi0.aarch64                                    10.3-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
libgfortran.aarch64                                  12.2.1-4.fc37                               @updates                                              
libgfrpc0.aarch64                                    10.3-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
libgfxdr0.aarch64                                    10.3-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
libglusterd0.aarch64                                 10.3-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
libglusterfs0.aarch64                                10.3-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
libglvnd.aarch64                                     1:1.5.0-1.fc37                              @fedora                                               
libglvnd-egl.aarch64                                 1:1.5.0-1.fc37                              @fedora                                               
libglvnd-gles.aarch64                                1:1.5.0-1.fc37                              @fedora                                               
libglvnd-glx.aarch64                                 1:1.5.0-1.fc37                              @fedora                                               
libglvnd-opengl.aarch64                              1:1.5.0-1.fc37                              @fedora                                               
libgnomekbd.aarch64                                  3.28.1-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libgomp.aarch64                                      12.2.1-4.fc37                               @updates                                              
libgpg-error.aarch64                                 1.45-2.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
libgphoto2.aarch64                                   2.5.30-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libgpod.aarch64                                      0.8.3-42.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libgrss.aarch64                                      0.7.0-15.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libgs.aarch64                                        9.56.1-5.fc37                               @updates                                              
libgsf.aarch64                                       1.14.47-6.fc37                              @fedora                                               
libgtop2.aarch64                                     2.40.0-9.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libgudev.aarch64                                     237-3.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
libgusb.aarch64                                      0.4.2-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
libgweather4.aarch64                                 4.2.0-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libgxps.aarch64                                      0.3.2-4.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libhandy.aarch64                                     1.8.0-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libhangul.aarch64                                    0.1.0-26.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libibverbs.aarch64                                   41.0-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
libical.aarch64                                      3.0.16-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
libical-glib.aarch64                                 3.0.16-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
libicu.aarch64                                       71.1-2.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
libidn2.aarch64                                      2.3.4-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
libieee1284.aarch64                                  0.2.11-39.fc37                              @fedora                                               
libijs.aarch64                                       0.35-16.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libimagequant.aarch64                                2.17.0-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libimobiledevice.aarch64                             1.3.0-7.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libini_config.aarch64                                1.3.1-52.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libinput.aarch64                                     1.22.0-2.fc37                               @updates                                              
libipa_hbac.aarch64                                  2.8.1-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
libiptcdata.aarch64                                  1.0.5-12.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libiscsi.aarch64                                     1.19.0-6.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libjcat.aarch64                                      0.1.12-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libjpeg-turbo.aarch64                                2.1.3-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libjxl.aarch64                                       1:0.7.0-3.fc37                              @fedora                                               
libkcapi.aarch64                                     1.4.0-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libkcapi-hmaccalc.aarch64                            1.4.0-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libksba.aarch64                                      1.6.2-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
liblangtag.aarch64                                   0.6.4-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
liblangtag-data.noarch                               0.6.4-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libldac.aarch64                                      2.0.2.3-11.fc37                             @fedora                                               
libldb.aarch64                                       2.6.1-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
liblouis.aarch64                                     3.24.0-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
liblouis-utils.aarch64                               3.24.0-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
liblouisutdml.aarch64                                2.11.0-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
liblouisutdml-utils.aarch64                          2.11.0-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
liblqr-1.aarch64                                     0.4.2-20.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libmanette.aarch64                                   0.2.6-5.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libmaxminddb.aarch64                                 1.7.1-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libmbim.aarch64                                      1.26.4-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libmbim-utils.aarch64                                1.26.4-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libmediaart.aarch64                                  1.9.6-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libmetalink.aarch64                                  0.1.3-28.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libmnl.aarch64                                       1.0.5-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libmodulemd.aarch64                                  2.14.0-4.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libmount.aarch64                                     2.38.1-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libmpc.aarch64                                       1.2.1-5.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libmpc-devel.aarch64                                 1.2.1-5.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libmpeg2.aarch64                                     0.5.1-25.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libmspack.aarch64                                    0.10.1-0.8.alpha.fc37                       @fedora                                               
libmspub.aarch64                                     0.1.4-21.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libmtp.aarch64                                       1.1.19-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libmwaw.aarch64                                      0.3.21-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libndp.aarch64                                       1.8-4.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
libnet.aarch64                                       1.2-6.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
libnetfilter_conntrack.aarch64                       1.0.8-5.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libnfnetlink.aarch64                                 1.0.1-22.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libnfs.aarch64                                       4.0.0-7.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libnfsidmap.aarch64                                  1:2.6.2-2.rc5.fc37                          @updates                                              
libnftnl.aarch64                                     1.2.2-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libnghttp2.aarch64                                   1.51.0-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
libnice.aarch64                                      0.1.19-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libnl3.aarch64                                       3.7.0-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libnl3-cli.aarch64                                   3.7.0-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libnma.aarch64                                       1.10.2-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libnma-gtk4.aarch64                                  1.10.2-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libnotify.aarch64                                    0.8.1-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libnsl2.aarch64                                      2.0.0-4.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libnumbertext.aarch64                                1.0.10-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
liboauth.aarch64                                     1.0.3-19.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libodfgen.aarch64                                    0.1.8-5.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libogg.aarch64                                       2:1.3.5-4.fc37                              @fedora                                               
libomp.aarch64                                       15.0.6-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
libomp-devel.aarch64                                 15.0.6-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
liborcus.aarch64                                     0.17.2-4.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libosinfo.aarch64                                    1.10.0-4.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libpagemaker.aarch64                                 0.0.4-14.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libpaper.aarch64                                     1.1.28-5.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libpasswdqc.aarch64                                  2.0.2-4.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libpath_utils.aarch64                                0.2.1-52.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libpcap.aarch64                                      14:1.10.1-4.fc37                            @fedora                                               
libpciaccess.aarch64                                 0.16-7.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
libpeas.aarch64                                      1.34.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libpeas-gtk.aarch64                                  1.34.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libpeas-loader-python3.aarch64                       1.34.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libphodav.aarch64                                    3.0-3.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
libphonenumber.aarch64                               8.12.11-15.fc37                             @fedora                                               
libpinyin.aarch64                                    2.6.2-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libpinyin-data.aarch64                               2.6.2-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libpipeline.aarch64                                  1.5.6-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libpkgconf.aarch64                                   1.8.0-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libplist.aarch64                                     2.2.0-8.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libpng.aarch64                                       2:1.6.37-13.fc37                            @fedora                                               
libportal.aarch64                                    0.6-3.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
libportal-gtk3.aarch64                               0.6-3.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
libportal-gtk4.aarch64                               0.6-3.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
libproxy.aarch64                                     0.4.18-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libproxy-duktape.aarch64                             0.4.18-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libpskc.aarch64                                      2.6.7-4.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libpsl.aarch64                                       0.21.1-6.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libpwquality.aarch64                                 1.4.4-11.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libqb.aarch64                                        2.0.6-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libqmi.aarch64                                       1.30.6-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libqmi-utils.aarch64                                 1.30.6-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libqrtr-glib.aarch64                                 1.0.0-4.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libqxp.aarch64                                       0.0.2-15.fc37                               @fedora                                               
librados2.aarch64                                    2:17.2.5-1.fc37                             @updates                                              
libraqm.aarch64                                      0.8.0-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
librbd1.aarch64                                      2:17.2.5-1.fc37                             @updates                                              
librdmacm.aarch64                                    41.0-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
libref_array.aarch64                                 0.1.5-52.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libreoffice-calc.aarch64                             1:7.4.3.2-1.fc37                            @updates                                              
libreoffice-core.aarch64                             1:7.4.3.2-1.fc37                            @updates                                              
libreoffice-data.aarch64                             1:7.4.3.2-1.fc37                            @updates                                              
libreoffice-emailmerge.aarch64                       1:7.4.3.2-1.fc37                            @updates                                              
libreoffice-filters.aarch64                          1:7.4.3.2-1.fc37                            @updates                                              
libreoffice-graphicfilter.aarch64                    1:7.4.3.2-1.fc37                            @updates                                              
libreoffice-gtk3.aarch64                             1:7.4.3.2-1.fc37                            @updates                                              
libreoffice-gtk4.aarch64                             1:7.4.3.2-1.fc37                            @updates                                              
libreoffice-help-en.aarch64                          1:7.4.3.2-1.fc37                            @updates                                              
libreoffice-impress.aarch64                          1:7.4.3.2-1.fc37                            @updates                                              
libreoffice-langpack-en.aarch64                      1:7.4.3.2-1.fc37                            @updates                                              
libreoffice-ogltrans.aarch64                         1:7.4.3.2-1.fc37                            @updates                                              
libreoffice-opensymbol-fonts.noarch                  1:7.4.3.2-1.fc37                            @updates                                              
libreoffice-pdfimport.aarch64                        1:7.4.3.2-1.fc37                            @updates                                              
libreoffice-pyuno.aarch64                            1:7.4.3.2-1.fc37                            @updates                                              
libreoffice-ure.aarch64                              1:7.4.3.2-1.fc37                            @updates                                              
libreoffice-ure-common.aarch64                       1:7.4.3.2-1.fc37                            @updates                                              
libreoffice-writer.aarch64                           1:7.4.3.2-1.fc37                            @updates                                              
libreoffice-x11.aarch64                              1:7.4.3.2-1.fc37                            @updates                                              
libreoffice-xsltfilter.aarch64                       1:7.4.3.2-1.fc37                            @updates                                              
librepo.aarch64                                      1.14.4-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libreport.aarch64                                    2.17.4-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libreport-anaconda.aarch64                           2.17.4-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libreport-cli.aarch64                                2.17.4-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libreport-fedora.aarch64                             2.17.4-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libreport-filesystem.noarch                          2.17.4-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libreport-gtk.aarch64                                2.17.4-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libreport-plugin-bugzilla.aarch64                    2.17.4-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libreport-plugin-kerneloops.aarch64                  2.17.4-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libreport-plugin-logger.aarch64                      2.17.4-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libreport-plugin-reportuploader.aarch64              2.17.4-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libreport-plugin-systemd-journal.aarch64             2.17.4-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libreport-plugin-ureport.aarch64                     2.17.4-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libreport-web.aarch64                                2.17.4-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
librevenge.aarch64                                   0.0.4-23.fc37                               @fedora                                               
librsvg2.aarch64                                     2.54.5-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libsamplerate.aarch64                                0.2.2-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libsane-airscan.aarch64                              0.99.27-5.fc37                              @fedora                                               
libsane-hpaio.aarch64                                3.22.10-3.fc37                              @updates                                              
libsbc.aarch64                                       1.5-4.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
libseccomp.aarch64                                   2.5.3-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libsecret.aarch64                                    0.20.5-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libselinux.aarch64                                   3.4-5.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
libselinux-utils.aarch64                             3.4-5.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
libsemanage.aarch64                                  3.4-5.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
libsepol.aarch64                                     3.4-3.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
libshout.aarch64                                     2.4.3-7.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libshumate.aarch64                                   1.0.2-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
libsigc++20.aarch64                                  2.10.8-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libsigsegv.aarch64                                   2.14-3.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
libslirp.aarch64                                     4.7.0-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libsmartcols.aarch64                                 2.38.1-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libsmbclient.aarch64                                 2:4.17.3-0.fc37                             @updates                                              
libsndfile.aarch64                                   1.1.0-4.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libsodium.aarch64                                    1.0.18-10.fc37                              @fedora                                               
libsolv.aarch64                                      0.7.22-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libsoup.aarch64                                      2.74.3-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libsoup3.aarch64                                     3.2.2-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
libspectre.aarch64                                   0.2.11-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
libsrtp.aarch64                                      2.3.0-9.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libss.aarch64                                        1.46.5-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libssh.aarch64                                       0.10.4-2.fc37                               @updates                                              
libssh-config.noarch                                 0.10.4-2.fc37                               @updates                                              
libssh2.aarch64                                      1.10.0-5.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libsss_certmap.aarch64                               2.8.1-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
libsss_idmap.aarch64                                 2.8.1-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
libsss_nss_idmap.aarch64                             2.8.1-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
libsss_sudo.aarch64                                  2.8.1-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
libstaroffice.aarch64                                0.0.7-6.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libstdc++.aarch64                                    12.2.1-4.fc37                               @updates                                              
libstdc++-devel.aarch64                              12.2.1-4.fc37                               @updates                                              
libstemmer.aarch64                                   0-19.585svn.fc37                            @fedora                                               
libtalloc.aarch64                                    2.3.4-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libtasn1.aarch64                                     4.19.0-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
libtdb.aarch64                                       1.4.7-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libteam.aarch64                                      1.31-6.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
libtevent.aarch64                                    0.13.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libthai.aarch64                                      0.1.29-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libtheora.aarch64                                    1:1.1.1-32.fc37                             @fedora                                               
libtiff.aarch64                                      4.4.0-4.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libtimezonemap.aarch64                               0.4.5.2-1.fc37                              @fedora                                               
libtirpc.aarch64                                     1.3.3-0.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libtomcrypt.aarch64                                  1.18.2-15.fc37                              @fedora                                               
libtommath.aarch64                                   1.2.0-8.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libtool-ltdl.aarch64                                 2.4.7-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libtpms.aarch64                                      0.9.5-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libtracker-sparql.aarch64                            3.4.2-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
libubsan.aarch64                                     12.2.1-4.fc37                               @updates                                              
libudfread.aarch64                                   1.1.2-4.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libudisks2.aarch64                                   2.9.4-5.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libunistring.aarch64                                 1.0-2.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
libunwind.aarch64                                    1.6.2-5.fc37                                @updates                                              
liburing.aarch64                                     2.3-1.fc37                                  @updates                                              
libusal.aarch64                                      1.1.11-50.fc37                              @fedora                                               
libusb1.aarch64                                      1.0.25-9.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libusbmuxd.aarch64                                   2.0.2-7.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libuser.aarch64                                      0.63-13.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libutempter.aarch64                                  1.2.1-7.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libuuid.aarch64                                      2.38.1-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libuv.aarch64                                        1:1.44.2-2.fc37                             @fedora                                               
libv4l.aarch64                                       1.22.1-4.fc37                               @updates                                              
libva.aarch64                                        2.16.0-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
libverto.aarch64                                     0.3.2-4.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libverto-libev.aarch64                               0.3.2-4.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libvirt-daemon.aarch64                               8.6.0-5.fc37                                @updates                                              
libvirt-daemon-config-network.aarch64                8.6.0-5.fc37                                @updates                                              
libvirt-daemon-driver-interface.aarch64              8.6.0-5.fc37                                @updates                                              
libvirt-daemon-driver-network.aarch64                8.6.0-5.fc37                                @updates                                              
libvirt-daemon-driver-nodedev.aarch64                8.6.0-5.fc37                                @updates                                              
libvirt-daemon-driver-nwfilter.aarch64               8.6.0-5.fc37                                @updates                                              
libvirt-daemon-driver-qemu.aarch64                   8.6.0-5.fc37                                @updates                                              
libvirt-daemon-driver-secret.aarch64                 8.6.0-5.fc37                                @updates                                              
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage.aarch64                8.6.0-5.fc37                                @updates                                              
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-core.aarch64           8.6.0-5.fc37                                @updates                                              
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-disk.aarch64           8.6.0-5.fc37                                @updates                                              
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-gluster.aarch64        8.6.0-5.fc37                                @updates                                              
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi.aarch64          8.6.0-5.fc37                                @updates                                              
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi-direct.aarch64   8.6.0-5.fc37                                @updates                                              
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-logical.aarch64        8.6.0-5.fc37                                @updates                                              
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-mpath.aarch64          8.6.0-5.fc37                                @updates                                              
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-rbd.aarch64            8.6.0-5.fc37                                @updates                                              
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-scsi.aarch64           8.6.0-5.fc37                                @updates                                              
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-sheepdog.aarch64       8.6.0-5.fc37                                @updates                                              
libvirt-daemon-kvm.aarch64                           8.6.0-5.fc37                                @updates                                              
libvirt-gconfig.aarch64                              4.0.0-6.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libvirt-glib.aarch64                                 4.0.0-6.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libvirt-gobject.aarch64                              4.0.0-6.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libvirt-libs.aarch64                                 8.6.0-5.fc37                                @updates                                              
libvisio.aarch64                                     0.1.7-13.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libvisual.aarch64                                    1:0.4.0-36.fc37                             @fedora                                               
libvncserver.aarch64                                 0.9.13-13.fc37                              @fedora                                               
libvorbis.aarch64                                    1:1.3.7-6.fc37                              @fedora                                               
libvpx.aarch64                                       1.12.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libwacom.aarch64                                     2.4.0-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libwacom-data.noarch                                 2.4.0-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libwayland-client.aarch64                            1.21.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libwayland-cursor.aarch64                            1.21.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libwayland-egl.aarch64                               1.21.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libwayland-server.aarch64                            1.21.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libwbclient.aarch64                                  2:4.17.3-0.fc37                             @updates                                              
libwebp.aarch64                                      1.2.4-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libwinpr.aarch64                                     2:2.9.0-1.fc37                              @updates                                              
libwmf-lite.aarch64                                  0.2.12-9.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libwnck3.aarch64                                     43.0-3.fc37                                 @updates                                              
libwpd.aarch64                                       0.10.3-11.fc37                              @fedora                                               
libwpe.aarch64                                       1.14.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libwpg.aarch64                                       0.3.3-9.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libwps.aarch64                                       0.4.12-5.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libwsman1.aarch64                                    2.7.1-7.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libxcb.aarch64                                       1.13.1-10.fc37                              @fedora                                               
libxcrypt.aarch64                                    4.4.33-3.fc37                               @updates                                              
libxcrypt-devel.aarch64                              4.4.33-3.fc37                               @updates                                              
libxcrypt-static.aarch64                             4.4.33-3.fc37                               @updates                                              
libxcvt.aarch64                                      0.1.2-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libxkbcommon.aarch64                                 1.4.1-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libxkbcommon-x11.aarch64                             1.4.1-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libxkbfile.aarch64                                   1.1.0-9.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libxklavier.aarch64                                  5.4-21.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
libxml2.aarch64                                      2.10.3-2.fc37                               @updates                                              
libxmlb.aarch64                                      0.3.10-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libxshmfence.aarch64                                 1.3-11.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
libxslt.aarch64                                      1.1.37-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libyaml.aarch64                                      0.2.5-8.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libzhuyin.aarch64                                    2.6.2-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libzmf.aarch64                                       0.0.2-22.fc37                               @fedora                                               
libzstd.aarch64                                      1.5.2-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
libzstd-devel.aarch64                                1.5.2-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
lilv-libs.aarch64                                    0.24.14-3.fc37                              @fedora                                               
linux-atm-libs.aarch64                               2.5.1-33.fc37                               @fedora                                               
linux-firmware.noarch                                20221109-144.fc37                           @updates                                              
linux-firmware-vendor.noarch                         20221206-1.fc37                             @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:dcavalca:asahi-scripts
linux-firmware-whence.noarch                         20221109-144.fc37                           @updates                                              
lksctp-tools.aarch64                                 1.0.19-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
lld.aarch64                                          15.0.6-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
lld-libs.aarch64                                     15.0.6-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
llvm.aarch64                                         15.0.6-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
llvm-libs.aarch64                                    15.0.6-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
lmdb-libs.aarch64                                    0.9.29-4.fc37                               @fedora                                               
lockdev.aarch64                                      1.0.4-0.38.20111007git.fc37                 @fedora                                               
logrotate.aarch64                                    3.20.1-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
lohit-assamese-fonts.noarch                          2.91.5-14.fc37                              @fedora                                               
lohit-bengali-fonts.noarch                           2.91.5-14.fc37                              @fedora                                               
lohit-devanagari-fonts.noarch                        2.95.5-4.fc37                               @fedora                                               
lohit-gujarati-fonts.noarch                          2.92.4-14.fc37                              @fedora                                               
lohit-kannada-fonts.noarch                           2.5.4-13.fc37                               @fedora                                               
lohit-marathi-fonts.noarch                           2.94.2-15.fc37                              @fedora                                               
lohit-odia-fonts.noarch                              2.91.2-14.fc37                              @fedora                                               
lohit-tamil-fonts.noarch                             2.91.3-14.fc37                              @fedora                                               
lohit-telugu-fonts.noarch                            2.5.5-13.fc37                               @fedora                                               
low-memory-monitor.aarch64                           2.1-6.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
lpsolve.aarch64                                      5.5.2.0-29.fc37                             @fedora                                               
lrzsz.aarch64                                        0.12.20-56.fc37                             @fedora                                               
lsof.aarch64                                         4.94.0-4.fc37                               @fedora                                               
lttng-ust.aarch64                                    2.13.3-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
lua.aarch64                                          5.4.4-4.fc37                                @fedora                                               
lua-libs.aarch64                                     5.4.4-4.fc37                                @fedora                                               
lua-posix.aarch64                                    35.1-4.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
lua-srpm-macros.noarch                               1-7.fc37                                    @fedora                                               
lvm2.aarch64                                         2.03.11-9.fc37                              @fedora                                               
lvm2-libs.aarch64                                    2.03.11-9.fc37                              @fedora                                               
lz4-libs.aarch64                                     1.9.3-5.fc37                                @fedora                                               
lzfse-libs.aarch64                                   1.0-1.fc37                                  @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:dcavalca:asahi-scripts
lzo.aarch64                                          2.10-7.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
lzop.aarch64                                         1.04-9.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
m17n-db.noarch                                       1.8.0-27.fc37                               @fedora                                               
m17n-lib.aarch64                                     1.8.0-13.fc37                               @fedora                                               
m1n1.aarch64                                         1.2.3-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
m4.aarch64                                           1.4.19-4.fc37                               @fedora                                               
mailcap.noarch                                       2.1.53-4.fc37                               @fedora                                               
make.aarch64                                         1:4.3-11.fc37                               @fedora                                               
malcontent.aarch64                                   0.11.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
malcontent-control.aarch64                           0.11.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
malcontent-libs.aarch64                              0.11.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
malcontent-ui-libs.aarch64                           0.11.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
man-db.aarch64                                       2.10.2-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
man-pages.noarch                                     5.13-4.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
mariadb-connector-c.aarch64                          3.2.7-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
mariadb-connector-c-config.noarch                    3.2.7-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
mdadm.aarch64                                        4.2-2.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
mdevctl.aarch64                                      1.2.0-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
media-player-info.noarch                             23-11.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
mediawriter.aarch64                                  5.0.4-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
memstrack.aarch64                                    0.2.4-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
mesa-dri-drivers.aarch64                             23.0.0_pre20221214-1.fc37                   @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:mesa      
mesa-filesystem.aarch64                              23.0.0_pre20221214-1.fc37                   @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:mesa      
mesa-libEGL.aarch64                                  23.0.0_pre20221214-1.fc37                   @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:mesa      
mesa-libGL.aarch64                                   23.0.0_pre20221214-1.fc37                   @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:mesa      
mesa-libGLU.aarch64                                  9.0.1-7.fc37                                @fedora                                               
mesa-libgbm.aarch64                                  23.0.0_pre20221214-1.fc37                   @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:mesa      
mesa-libglapi.aarch64                                23.0.0_pre20221214-1.fc37                   @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:mesa      
mesa-va-drivers.aarch64                              23.0.0_pre20221214-1.fc37                   @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:mesa      
mesa-vulkan-drivers.aarch64                          23.0.0_pre20221214-1.fc37                   @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:mesa      
mkfontscale.aarch64                                  1.2.2-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
mobile-broadband-provider-info.noarch                20220725-1.fc37                             @fedora                                               
mock.noarch                                          3.5-1.fc37                                  @updates                                              
mock-core-configs.noarch                             37.8-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
mock-filesystem.noarch                               3.5-1.fc37                                  @updates                                              
mod_dnssd.aarch64                                    0.6-27.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
mod_http2.aarch64                                    2.0.9-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
mod_lua.aarch64                                      2.4.54-5.fc37                               @fedora                                               
mokutil.aarch64                                      2:0.6.0-5.fc37                              @fedora                                               
mozilla-filesystem.aarch64                           1.9-29.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
mozjs102.aarch64                                     102.6.0-1.fc37                              @updates                                              
mpage.aarch64                                        2.5.7-14.fc37                               @fedora                                               
mpdecimal.aarch64                                    2.5.1-4.fc37                                @fedora                                               
mpfr.aarch64                                         4.1.0-10.fc37                               @fedora                                               
mpfr-devel.aarch64                                   4.1.0-10.fc37                               @fedora                                               
mpg123-libs.aarch64                                  1.31.1-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
mtdev.aarch64                                        1.1.6-4.fc37                                @fedora                                               
mtools.aarch64                                       4.0.42-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
mtr.aarch64                                          2:0.95-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
mutter.aarch64                                       43.2-1.fc37                                 @updates                                              
mythes.aarch64                                       1.2.4-19.fc37                               @fedora                                               
mythes-en.noarch                                     3.0-34.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
nautilus.aarch64                                     43.1-1.fc37                                 @updates                                              
nautilus-extensions.aarch64                          43.1-1.fc37                                 @updates                                              
ncurses.aarch64                                      6.3-3.20220501.fc37                         @fedora                                               
ncurses-base.noarch                                  6.3-3.20220501.fc37                         @fedora                                               
ncurses-c++-libs.aarch64                             6.3-3.20220501.fc37                         @fedora                                               
ncurses-devel.aarch64                                6.3-3.20220501.fc37                         @fedora                                               
ncurses-libs.aarch64                                 6.3-3.20220501.fc37                         @fedora                                               
ndctl.aarch64                                        74-1.fc37                                   @fedora                                               
ndctl-libs.aarch64                                   74-1.fc37                                   @fedora                                               
neofetch.noarch                                      7.1.0-8.fc37                                @fedora                                               
net-snmp-libs.aarch64                                1:5.9.3-1.fc37                              @fedora                                               
net-tools.aarch64                                    2.0-0.63.20160912git.fc37                   @fedora                                               
netavark.aarch64                                     1.3.0-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
netpbm.aarch64                                       11.00.00-1.fc37                             @updates                                              
nettle.aarch64                                       3.8-2.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
nfs-utils.aarch64                                    1:2.6.2-2.rc5.fc37                          @updates                                              
nftables.aarch64                                     1:1.0.4-3.fc37                              @fedora                                               
nim-srpm-macros.noarch                               3-7.fc37                                    @fedora                                               
nm-connection-editor.aarch64                         1.28.0-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
nmap-ncat.aarch64                                    3:7.93-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
npth.aarch64                                         1.6-9.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
nspr.aarch64                                         4.35.0-2.fc37                               @updates                                              
nss.aarch64                                          3.85.0-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
nss-mdns.aarch64                                     0.15.1-6.fc37                               @fedora                                               
nss-softokn.aarch64                                  3.85.0-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
nss-softokn-freebl.aarch64                           3.85.0-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
nss-sysinit.aarch64                                  3.85.0-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
nss-util.aarch64                                     3.85.0-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
ntfs-3g.aarch64                                      2:2022.5.17-2.fc37                          @fedora                                               
ntfs-3g-libs.aarch64                                 2:2022.5.17-2.fc37                          @fedora                                               
ntfs-3g-system-compression.aarch64                   1.0-10.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
ntfsprogs.aarch64                                    2:2022.5.17-2.fc37                          @fedora                                               
numactl-libs.aarch64                                 2.0.14-6.fc37                               @fedora                                               
numad.aarch64                                        0.5-37.20150602git.fc37                     @fedora                                               
nvidia-gpu-firmware.noarch                           20221109-144.fc37                           @updates                                              
ocaml-srpm-macros.noarch                             7-2.fc37                                    @fedora                                               
oniguruma.aarch64                                    6.9.8-2.D20220919gitb041f6d.fc37            @fedora                                               
open-vm-tools.aarch64                                12.1.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
open-vm-tools-desktop.aarch64                        12.1.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
openblas.aarch64                                     0.3.21-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
openblas-openmp.aarch64                              0.3.21-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
openblas-srpm-macros.noarch                          2-12.fc37                                   @fedora                                               
openconnect.aarch64                                  9.01-3.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
openexr-libs.aarch64                                 3.1.5-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
openjpeg2.aarch64                                    2.5.0-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
openldap.aarch64                                     2.6.3-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
opensc.aarch64                                       0.23.0-2.fc37                               @updates                                              
openssh.aarch64                                      8.8p1-7.fc37                                @fedora                                               
openssh-clients.aarch64                              8.8p1-7.fc37                                @fedora                                               
openssh-server.aarch64                               8.8p1-7.fc37                                @fedora                                               
openssl.aarch64                                      1:3.0.5-3.fc37                              @fedora                                               
openssl-devel.aarch64                                1:3.0.5-3.fc37                              @fedora                                               
openssl-libs.aarch64                                 1:3.0.5-3.fc37                              @fedora                                               
openvpn.aarch64                                      2.5.8-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
opus.aarch64                                         1.3.1-11.fc37                               @fedora                                               
orc.aarch64                                          0.4.31-8.fc37                               @fedora                                               
orca.noarch                                          43.0-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
os-prober.aarch64                                    1.81-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
osbuild.noarch                                       73-1.fc37                                   @updates                                              
osbuild-aboot.noarch                                 0.1-4.fc36                                  @System                                               
osbuild-ostree.noarch                                73-1.fc37                                   @updates                                              
osbuild-selinux.noarch                               73-1.fc37                                   @updates                                              
osbuild-tools.noarch                                 73-1.fc37                                   @updates                                              
osinfo-db.noarch                                     20221130-1.fc37                             @updates                                              
osinfo-db-tools.aarch64                              1.10.0-4.fc37                               @fedora                                               
ostree.aarch64                                       2022.7-2.fc37                               @updates                                              
ostree-libs.aarch64                                  2022.7-2.fc37                               @updates                                              
p11-kit.aarch64                                      0.24.1-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
p11-kit-server.aarch64                               0.24.1-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
p11-kit-trust.aarch64                                0.24.1-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
package-notes-srpm-macros.noarch                     0.5-6.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
paktype-naskh-basic-fonts.noarch                     6.0-4.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
pam.aarch64                                          1.5.2-14.fc37                               @fedora                                               
pam-libs.aarch64                                     1.5.2-14.fc37                               @fedora                                               
pam_afs_session.aarch64                              2.6-17.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
pam_passwdqc.aarch64                                 2.0.2-4.fc37                                @fedora                                               
pango.aarch64                                        1.50.12-1.fc37                              @updates                                              
pangomm.aarch64                                      2.46.3-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
paps.aarch64                                         0.7.1-5.fc37                                @fedora                                               
parted.aarch64                                       3.5-6.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
passwd.aarch64                                       0.80-13.fc37                                @fedora                                               
passwdqc.aarch64                                     2.0.2-4.fc37                                @fedora                                               
passwdqc-utils.aarch64                               2.0.2-4.fc37                                @fedora                                               
patch.aarch64                                        2.7.6-17.fc37                               @fedora                                               
pcaudiolib.aarch64                                   1.1-10.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
pciutils.aarch64                                     3.9.0-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
pciutils-libs.aarch64                                3.9.0-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
pcre.aarch64                                         8.45-1.fc37.2                               @fedora                                               
pcre2.aarch64                                        10.40-1.fc37.1                              @fedora                                               
pcre2-syntax.noarch                                  10.40-1.fc37.1                              @fedora                                               
pcre2-utf16.aarch64                                  10.40-1.fc37.1                              @fedora                                               
pcre2-utf32.aarch64                                  10.40-1.fc37.1                              @fedora                                               
pcsc-lite.aarch64                                    1.9.9-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
pcsc-lite-ccid.aarch64                               1.5.0-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
pcsc-lite-libs.aarch64                               1.9.9-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
perl-AutoLoader.noarch                               5.74-492.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-AutoSplit.noarch                                5.74-492.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-B.aarch64                                       1.83-492.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-Benchmark.noarch                                1.23-492.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-CPAN-Meta.noarch                                2.150010-489.fc37                           @fedora                                               
perl-CPAN-Meta-Requirements.noarch                   2.140-490.fc37                              @fedora                                               
perl-CPAN-Meta-YAML.noarch                           0.018-490.fc37                              @fedora                                               
perl-Carp.noarch                                     1.52-489.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-Class-Struct.noarch                             0.66-492.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-Data-Dumper.aarch64                             2.184-490.fc37                              @fedora                                               
perl-Devel-PPPort.aarch64                            3.68-490.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-Digest.noarch                                   1.20-489.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-Digest-MD5.aarch64                              2.58-489.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-DynaLoader.aarch64                              1.52-492.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-Encode.aarch64                                  4:3.19-492.fc37                             @fedora                                               
perl-Encode-Locale.noarch                            1.05-24.fc37                                @fedora                                               
perl-Errno.aarch64                                   1.36-492.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-Error.noarch                                    1:0.17029-10.fc37                           @fedora                                               
perl-Exporter.noarch                                 5.77-489.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-ExtUtils-Command.noarch                         2:7.64-490.fc37                             @fedora                                               
perl-ExtUtils-Constant.noarch                        0.25-492.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-ExtUtils-Install.noarch                         2.20-489.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-ExtUtils-MakeMaker.noarch                       2:7.64-490.fc37                             @fedora                                               
perl-ExtUtils-Manifest.noarch                        1:1.73-489.fc37                             @fedora                                               
perl-ExtUtils-ParseXS.noarch                         1:3.45-489.fc37                             @fedora                                               
perl-Fcntl.aarch64                                   1.15-492.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-Fedora-VSP.noarch                               0.001-29.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-File-Basename.noarch                            2.85-492.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-File-Compare.noarch                             1.100.700-492.fc37                          @fedora                                               
perl-File-Copy.noarch                                2.39-492.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-File-Find.noarch                                1.40-492.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-File-Path.noarch                                2.18-489.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-File-Temp.noarch                                1:0.231.100-489.fc37                        @fedora                                               
perl-File-stat.noarch                                1.12-492.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-FileHandle.noarch                               2.03-492.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-Getopt-Long.noarch                              1:2.54-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
perl-Getopt-Std.noarch                               1.13-492.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-Git.noarch                                      2.38.1-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
perl-HTTP-Tiny.noarch                                0.082-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
perl-I18N-Langinfo.aarch64                           0.21-492.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-IO.aarch64                                      1.50-492.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-IO-Socket-IP.noarch                             0.41-490.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-IO-Socket-SSL.noarch                            2.075-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
perl-IPC-Open3.noarch                                1.22-492.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-JSON-PP.noarch                                  1:4.11-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-MIME-Base64.aarch64                             3.16-489.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-Math-BigInt.noarch                              1:1.9998.37-2.fc37                          @fedora                                               
perl-Math-BigRat.noarch                              0.2624-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-Math-Complex.noarch                             1.59-492.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-Mozilla-CA.noarch                               20211001-4.fc37                             @fedora                                               
perl-NDBM_File.aarch64                               1.15-492.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-NKF.aarch64                                     1:2.1.4-26.fc37                             @fedora                                               
perl-Net-SSLeay.aarch64                              1.92-4.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
perl-POSIX.aarch64                                   2.03-492.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-PathTools.aarch64                               3.84-489.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-Pod-Escapes.noarch                              1:1.07-489.fc37                             @fedora                                               
perl-Pod-Perldoc.noarch                              3.28.01-490.fc37                            @fedora                                               
perl-Pod-Simple.noarch                               1:3.43-490.fc37                             @fedora                                               
perl-Pod-Usage.noarch                                4:2.03-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-Scalar-List-Utils.aarch64                       5:1.63-489.fc37                             @fedora                                               
perl-SelectSaver.noarch                              1.02-492.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-Socket.aarch64                                  4:2.036-1.fc37                              @fedora                                               
perl-Storable.aarch64                                1:3.26-489.fc37                             @fedora                                               
perl-Symbol.noarch                                   1.09-492.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-Term-ANSIColor.noarch                           5.01-490.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-Term-Cap.noarch                                 1.17-489.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-TermReadKey.aarch64                             2.38-14.fc37                                @fedora                                               
perl-Test-Harness.noarch                             1:3.44-490.fc37                             @fedora                                               
perl-Text-ParseWords.noarch                          3.31-489.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-Text-Tabs+Wrap.noarch                           2021.0814-489.fc37                          @fedora                                               
perl-Time-HiRes.aarch64                              4:1.9770-489.fc37                           @fedora                                               
perl-Time-Local.noarch                               2:1.300-489.fc37                            @fedora                                               
perl-URI.noarch                                      5.17-1.fc37                                 @updates                                              
perl-base.noarch                                     2.27-492.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-constant.noarch                                 1.33-490.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-devel.aarch64                                   4:5.36.0-492.fc37                           @fedora                                               
perl-doc.noarch                                      5.36.0-492.fc37                             @fedora                                               
perl-generators.noarch                               1.15-1.fc37                                 @updates                                              
perl-if.noarch                                       0.61.000-492.fc37                           @fedora                                               
perl-interpreter.aarch64                             4:5.36.0-492.fc37                           @fedora                                               
perl-lib.aarch64                                     0.65-492.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-libnet.noarch                                   3.14-490.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-libs.aarch64                                    4:5.36.0-492.fc37                           @fedora                                               
perl-locale.noarch                                   1.10-492.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-macros.noarch                                   4:5.36.0-492.fc37                           @fedora                                               
perl-mro.aarch64                                     1.26-492.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-overload.noarch                                 1.35-492.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-overloading.noarch                              0.02-492.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-parent.noarch                                   1:0.238-489.fc37                            @fedora                                               
perl-podlators.noarch                                1:4.14-489.fc37                             @fedora                                               
perl-srpm-macros.noarch                              1-46.fc37                                   @fedora                                               
perl-subs.noarch                                     1.04-492.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-vars.noarch                                     1.05-492.fc37                               @fedora                                               
perl-version.aarch64                                 8:0.99.29-490.fc37                          @fedora                                               
pigz.aarch64                                         2.7-2.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
pinentry.aarch64                                     1.2.1-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
pinentry-gnome3.aarch64                              1.2.1-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
pinfo.aarch64                                        0.6.10-30.fc37                              @fedora                                               
pipewire.aarch64                                     0.3.62-3.fc37                               @updates                                              
pipewire-alsa.aarch64                                0.3.62-3.fc37                               @updates                                              
pipewire-gstreamer.aarch64                           0.3.62-3.fc37                               @updates                                              
pipewire-jack-audio-connection-kit.aarch64           0.3.62-3.fc37                               @updates                                              
pipewire-libs.aarch64                                0.3.62-3.fc37                               @updates                                              
pipewire-pulseaudio.aarch64                          0.3.62-3.fc37                               @updates                                              
pipewire-utils.aarch64                               0.3.62-3.fc37                               @updates                                              
pixman.aarch64                                       0.40.0-6.fc37                               @fedora                                               
pkcs11-helper.aarch64                                1.29.0-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
pkgconf.aarch64                                      1.8.0-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
pkgconf-m4.noarch                                    1.8.0-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
pkgconf-pkg-config.aarch64                           1.8.0-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
plocate.aarch64                                      1.1.16-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
plymouth.aarch64                                     22.02.122-3.fc37                            @fedora                                               
plymouth-core-libs.aarch64                           22.02.122-3.fc37                            @fedora                                               
plymouth-graphics-libs.aarch64                       22.02.122-3.fc37                            @fedora                                               
plymouth-plugin-label.aarch64                        22.02.122-3.fc37                            @fedora                                               
plymouth-plugin-two-step.aarch64                     22.02.122-3.fc37                            @fedora                                               
plymouth-scripts.aarch64                             22.02.122-3.fc37                            @fedora                                               
plymouth-system-theme.aarch64                        22.02.122-3.fc37                            @fedora                                               
plymouth-theme-spinner.aarch64                       22.02.122-3.fc37                            @fedora                                               
podman.aarch64                                       4:4.3.1-1.fc37                              @updates                                              
podman-gvproxy.aarch64                               4:4.3.1-1.fc37                              @updates                                              
policycoreutils.aarch64                              3.4-6.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
policycoreutils-python-utils.noarch                  3.4-6.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
polkit.aarch64                                       121-4.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
polkit-libs.aarch64                                  121-4.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
polkit-pkla-compat.aarch64                           0.1-22.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
poppler.aarch64                                      22.08.0-2.fc37                              @fedora                                               
poppler-cpp.aarch64                                  22.08.0-2.fc37                              @fedora                                               
poppler-data.noarch                                  0.4.11-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
poppler-glib.aarch64                                 22.08.0-2.fc37                              @fedora                                               
poppler-utils.aarch64                                22.08.0-2.fc37                              @fedora                                               
popt.aarch64                                         1.19-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
power-profiles-daemon.aarch64                        0.12-2.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
ppp.aarch64                                          2.4.9-8.fc37                                @fedora                                               
pptp.aarch64                                         1.10.0-15.fc37                              @fedora                                               
procps-ng.aarch64                                    3.3.17-6.fc37.2                             @updates                                              
protobuf.aarch64                                     3.19.4-6.fc37                               @fedora                                               
protobuf-c.aarch64                                   1.4.1-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
psacct.aarch64                                       6.6.4-14.fc37                               @fedora                                               
psmisc.aarch64                                       23.4-4.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
publicsuffix-list-dafsa.noarch                       20210518-5.fc37                             @fedora                                               
pulseaudio-libs.aarch64                              16.1-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
pulseaudio-libs-glib2.aarch64                        16.1-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
pulseaudio-utils.aarch64                             16.1-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
pyproject-rpm-macros.noarch                          1.4.0-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
python-pip-wheel.noarch                              22.2.2-3.fc37                               @updates                                              
python-rpm-macros.noarch                             3.11-5.fc37                                 @updates                                              
python-setuptools-wheel.noarch                       62.6.0-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
python-srpm-macros.noarch                            3.11-5.fc37                                 @updates                                              
python-systemd-doc.aarch64                           235-1.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
python3.aarch64                                      3.11.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
python3-abrt.aarch64                                 2.15.1-6.fc37                               @fedora                                               
python3-abrt-addon.noarch                            2.15.1-6.fc37                               @fedora                                               
python3-argcomplete.noarch                           2.0.0-4.fc37                                @fedora                                               
python3-asahi_firmware.aarch64                       0.5.2-1.fc37                                @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:dcavalca:asahi-scripts
python3-asn1.noarch                                  2.6.0-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
python3-attrs.noarch                                 22.1.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
python3-audit.aarch64                                3.0.9-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
python3-augeas.noarch                                1.1.0-6.fc37                                @fedora                                               
python3-beaker.noarch                                1.10.0-15.fc37                              @fedora                                               
python3-beautifulsoup4.noarch                        4.11.0-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
python3-blivet.noarch                                1:3.5.0-2.fc37                              @fedora                                               
python3-blockdev.aarch64                             2.28-2.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
python3-brlapi.aarch64                               0.8.4-7.fc37                                @fedora                                               
python3-bytesize.aarch64                             2.7-3.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
python3-cairo.aarch64                                1.21.0-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
python3-cffi.aarch64                                 1.15.1-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
python3-chardet.noarch                               5.1.0-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
python3-charset-normalizer.noarch                    2.1.0-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
python3-click.noarch                                 8.1.3-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
python3-crypto.aarch64                               2.6.1-41.fc37                               @fedora                                               
python3-cryptography.aarch64                         37.0.2-4.fc37                               @fedora                                               
python3-cups.aarch64                                 2.0.1-14.fc37                               @fedora                                               
python3-dasbus.noarch                                1.6-6.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
python3-dateutil.noarch                              1:2.8.2-4.fc37                              @fedora                                               
python3-dbus.aarch64                                 1.3.2-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
python3-devel.aarch64                                3.11.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
python3-distro.noarch                                1.7.0-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
python3-dnf.noarch                                   4.14.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
python3-dnf-plugin-system-upgrade.noarch             4.0.17-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
python3-dnf-plugins-core.noarch                      4.3.1-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
python3-dnf-plugins-extras-common.noarch             4.0.17-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
python3-enchant.noarch                               3.2.2-5.fc37                                @fedora                                               
python3-file-magic.noarch                            5.42-4.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
python3-firewall.noarch                              1.2.2-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
python3-gobject.aarch64                              3.42.2-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
python3-gobject-base.aarch64                         3.42.2-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
python3-gobject-base-noarch.noarch                   3.42.2-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
python3-gpg.aarch64                                  1.17.0-4.fc37                               @fedora                                               
python3-hawkey.aarch64                               0.68.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
python3-humanize.noarch                              3.13.1-5.fc37                               @fedora                                               
python3-idna.noarch                                  3.3-4.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
python3-jinja2.noarch                                3.0.3-5.fc37                                @fedora                                               
python3-jsonschema.noarch                            4.10.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
python3-kickstart.noarch                             3.41-3.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
python3-langtable.noarch                             0.0.61-2.fc37                               @updates                                              
python3-libcomps.aarch64                             0.1.18-4.fc37                               @fedora                                               
python3-libdnf.aarch64                               0.68.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
python3-libreport.aarch64                            2.17.4-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
python3-libs.aarch64                                 3.11.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
python3-libselinux.aarch64                           3.4-5.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
python3-libsemanage.aarch64                          3.4-5.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
python3-louis.noarch                                 3.24.0-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
python3-lxml.aarch64                                 4.9.1-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
python3-mako.noarch                                  1.1.4-9.fc37                                @fedora                                               
python3-markupsafe.aarch64                           2.1.1-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
python3-meh.noarch                                   0.50-7.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
python3-meh-gui.noarch                               0.50-7.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
python3-nftables.aarch64                             1:1.0.4-3.fc37                              @fedora                                               
python3-olefile.noarch                               0.46-18.fc37                                @fedora                                               
python3-osbuild.noarch                               73-1.fc37                                   @updates                                              
python3-packaging.noarch                             21.3-6.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
python3-paste.noarch                                 3.5.0-8.fc37                                @fedora                                               
python3-pexpect.noarch                               4.8.0-13.fc37                               @fedora                                               
python3-pid.noarch                                   2.2.3-15.fc37                               @fedora                                               
python3-pillow.aarch64                               9.2.0-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
python3-pip.noarch                                   22.2.2-3.fc37                               @updates                                              
python3-ply.noarch                                   3.11-17.fc37                                @fedora                                               
python3-policycoreutils.noarch                       3.4-6.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
python3-productmd.noarch                             1.33-6.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
python3-ptyprocess.noarch                            0.6.0-17.fc37                               @fedora                                               
python3-pwquality.aarch64                            1.4.4-11.fc37                               @fedora                                               
python3-pyOpenSSL.noarch                             21.0.0-4.fc37                               @fedora                                               
python3-pyatspi.noarch                               2.46.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
python3-pycparser.noarch                             2.20-8.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
python3-pycurl.aarch64                               7.45.1-4.fc37                               @fedora                                               
python3-pyparsing.noarch                             3.0.9-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
python3-pyparted.aarch64                             1:3.12.0-6.fc37                             @fedora                                               
python3-pyroute2.noarch                              0.6.12-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
python3-pyrsistent.aarch64                           0.18.1-4.fc37                               @fedora                                               
python3-pysocks.noarch                               1.7.1-15.fc37                               @fedora                                               
python3-pyudev.noarch                                0.23.2-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
python3-pyxdg.noarch                                 0.27-6.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
python3-pyyaml.aarch64                               6.0-5.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
python3-regex.aarch64                                2022.10.31-1.fc37                           @updates                                              
python3-requests.noarch                              2.28.1-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
python3-requests-file.noarch                         1.5.1-7.fc37                                @fedora                                               
python3-requests-ftp.noarch                          0.3.1-26.fc37                               @fedora                                               
python3-rpm.aarch64                                  4.18.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
python3-rpm-generators.noarch                        13-2.fc37                                   @fedora                                               
python3-rpm-macros.noarch                            3.11-5.fc37                                 @updates                                              
python3-setools.aarch64                              4.4.0-9.fc37                                @fedora                                               
python3-setuptools.noarch                            62.6.0-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
python3-simpleaudio.aarch64                          1.0.4-8.fc37                                @fedora                                               
python3-simpleline.noarch                            1.9.0-4.fc37                                @fedora                                               
python3-six.noarch                                   1.16.0-8.fc37                               @fedora                                               
python3-soupsieve.noarch                             2.3.2.post1-7.fc37                          @fedora                                               
python3-speechd.aarch64                              0.11.4-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
python3-systemd.aarch64                              235-1.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
python3-tempita.noarch                               0.5.2-7.fc37                                @fedora                                               
python3-templated-dictionary.noarch                  1.1-7.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
python3-urllib3.noarch                               1.26.12-1.fc37                              @fedora                                               
qemu-audio-alsa.aarch64                              2:7.0.0-12.fc37                             @updates                                              
qemu-audio-dbus.aarch64                              2:7.0.0-12.fc37                             @updates                                              
qemu-audio-jack.aarch64                              2:7.0.0-12.fc37                             @updates                                              
qemu-audio-oss.aarch64                               2:7.0.0-12.fc37                             @updates                                              
qemu-audio-pa.aarch64                                2:7.0.0-12.fc37                             @updates                                              
qemu-audio-sdl.aarch64                               2:7.0.0-12.fc37                             @updates                                              
qemu-audio-spice.aarch64                             2:7.0.0-12.fc37                             @updates                                              
qemu-block-curl.aarch64                              2:7.0.0-12.fc37                             @updates                                              
qemu-block-dmg.aarch64                               2:7.0.0-12.fc37                             @updates                                              
qemu-block-gluster.aarch64                           2:7.0.0-12.fc37                             @updates                                              
qemu-block-iscsi.aarch64                             2:7.0.0-12.fc37                             @updates                                              
qemu-block-nfs.aarch64                               2:7.0.0-12.fc37                             @updates                                              
qemu-block-rbd.aarch64                               2:7.0.0-12.fc37                             @updates                                              
qemu-block-ssh.aarch64                               2:7.0.0-12.fc37                             @updates                                              
qemu-char-baum.aarch64                               2:7.0.0-12.fc37                             @updates                                              
qemu-char-spice.aarch64                              2:7.0.0-12.fc37                             @updates                                              
qemu-common.aarch64                                  2:7.0.0-12.fc37                             @updates                                              
qemu-device-display-qxl.aarch64                      2:7.0.0-12.fc37                             @updates                                              
qemu-device-display-vhost-user-gpu.aarch64           2:7.0.0-12.fc37                             @updates                                              
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu.aarch64               2:7.0.0-12.fc37                             @updates                                              
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-ccw.aarch64           2:7.0.0-12.fc37                             @updates                                              
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-gl.aarch64            2:7.0.0-12.fc37                             @updates                                              
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-pci.aarch64           2:7.0.0-12.fc37                             @updates                                              
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-pci-gl.aarch64        2:7.0.0-12.fc37                             @updates                                              
qemu-device-display-virtio-vga.aarch64               2:7.0.0-12.fc37                             @updates                                              
qemu-device-display-virtio-vga-gl.aarch64            2:7.0.0-12.fc37                             @updates                                              
qemu-device-usb-host.aarch64                         2:7.0.0-12.fc37                             @updates                                              
qemu-device-usb-redirect.aarch64                     2:7.0.0-12.fc37                             @updates                                              
qemu-device-usb-smartcard.aarch64                    2:7.0.0-12.fc37                             @updates                                              
qemu-guest-agent.aarch64                             2:7.0.0-12.fc37                             @updates                                              
qemu-img.aarch64                                     2:7.0.0-12.fc37                             @updates                                              
qemu-kvm.aarch64                                     2:7.0.0-12.fc37                             @updates                                              
qemu-pr-helper.aarch64                               2:7.0.0-12.fc37                             @updates                                              
qemu-system-aarch64.aarch64                          2:7.0.0-12.fc37                             @updates                                              
qemu-system-aarch64-core.aarch64                     2:7.0.0-12.fc37                             @updates                                              
qemu-ui-curses.aarch64                               2:7.0.0-12.fc37                             @updates                                              
qemu-ui-egl-headless.aarch64                         2:7.0.0-12.fc37                             @updates                                              
qemu-ui-gtk.aarch64                                  2:7.0.0-12.fc37                             @updates                                              
qemu-ui-opengl.aarch64                               2:7.0.0-12.fc37                             @updates                                              
qemu-ui-sdl.aarch64                                  2:7.0.0-12.fc37                             @updates                                              
qemu-ui-spice-app.aarch64                            2:7.0.0-12.fc37                             @updates                                              
qemu-ui-spice-core.aarch64                           2:7.0.0-12.fc37                             @updates                                              
qemu-virtiofsd.aarch64                               2:7.0.0-12.fc37                             @updates                                              
qgnomeplatform-qt5.aarch64                           0.9.0-5.fc37                                @updates                                              
qgnomeplatform-qt6.aarch64                           0.9.0-5.fc37                                @updates                                              
qpdf-libs.aarch64                                    10.6.3-4.fc37                               @fedora                                               
qrencode-libs.aarch64                                4.1.1-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
qt-settings.noarch                                   37.0-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
qt5-qtbase.aarch64                                   5.15.7-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
qt5-qtbase-common.noarch                             5.15.7-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
qt5-qtbase-gui.aarch64                               5.15.7-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
qt5-qtdeclarative.aarch64                            5.15.7-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
qt5-qtwayland.aarch64                                5.15.7-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
qt5-qtx11extras.aarch64                              5.15.7-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
qt5-qtxmlpatterns.aarch64                            5.15.7-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
qt5-srpm-macros.noarch                               5.15.7-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
qt6-qtbase.aarch64                                   6.4.1-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
qt6-qtbase-common.noarch                             6.4.1-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
qt6-qtbase-gui.aarch64                               6.4.1-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
qt6-qtdeclarative.aarch64                            6.4.1-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
qt6-qtsvg.aarch64                                    6.4.1-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
qt6-qtwayland.aarch64                                6.4.1-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
quota.aarch64                                        1:4.06-8.fc37                               @fedora                                               
quota-nls.noarch                                     1:4.06-8.fc37                               @fedora                                               
raptor2.aarch64                                      2.0.15-34.fc37                              @fedora                                               
rasqal.aarch64                                       0.9.33-19.fc37                              @fedora                                               
rav1e-libs.aarch64                                   0.5.1-5.fc37                                @fedora                                               
readline.aarch64                                     8.2-2.fc37                                  @updates                                              
realmd.aarch64                                       0.17.0-11.fc37                              @fedora                                               
redhat-menus.noarch                                  12.0.2-22.fc37                              @fedora                                               
redhat-rpm-config.noarch                             228-1.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
redland.aarch64                                      1.0.17-30.fc37                              @fedora                                               
rest.aarch64                                         0.9.1-5.fc37                                @fedora                                               
rhythmbox.aarch64                                    3.4.6-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
rit-meera-new-fonts.noarch                           1.4.1-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
rootfiles.noarch                                     8.1-32.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
rpcbind.aarch64                                      1.2.6-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
rpm.aarch64                                          4.18.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
rpm-build.aarch64                                    4.18.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
rpm-build-libs.aarch64                               4.18.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
rpm-libs.aarch64                                     4.18.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
rpm-ostree.aarch64                                   2022.16-2.fc37                              @updates                                              
rpm-ostree-libs.aarch64                              2022.16-2.fc37                              @updates                                              
rpm-plugin-selinux.aarch64                           4.18.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
rpm-sign-libs.aarch64                                4.18.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
rpmautospec-rpm-macros.noarch                        0.3.0-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
rsync.aarch64                                        3.2.7-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
rsyslog.aarch64                                      8.2204.0-3.fc37                             @fedora                                               
rsyslog-logrotate.aarch64                            8.2204.0-3.fc37                             @fedora                                               
rtkit.aarch64                                        0.11-33.fc37                                @fedora                                               
rust.aarch64                                         1.65.0-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
rust-analysis.aarch64                                1.65.0-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
rust-src.noarch                                      1.65.0-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
rust-srpm-macros.noarch                              23-1.fc37                                   @updates                                              
rust-std-static.aarch64                              1.65.0-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
rygel.aarch64                                        0.40.4-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
samba-client.aarch64                                 2:4.17.3-0.fc37                             @updates                                              
samba-client-libs.aarch64                            2:4.17.3-0.fc37                             @updates                                              
samba-common.noarch                                  2:4.17.3-0.fc37                             @updates                                              
samba-common-libs.aarch64                            2:4.17.3-0.fc37                             @updates                                              
sane-airscan.aarch64                                 0.99.27-5.fc37                              @fedora                                               
sane-backends.aarch64                                1.1.1-10.fc37                               @updates                                              
sane-backends-drivers-cameras.aarch64                1.1.1-10.fc37                               @updates                                              
sane-backends-drivers-scanners.aarch64               1.1.1-10.fc37                               @updates                                              
sane-backends-libs.aarch64                           1.1.1-10.fc37                               @updates                                              
satyr.aarch64                                        0.40-1.fc37                                 @updates                                              
sed.aarch64                                          4.8-11.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
selinux-policy.noarch                                37.16-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
selinux-policy-targeted.noarch                       37.16-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
serd.aarch64                                         0.30.12-2.fc37                              @fedora                                               
setup.noarch                                         2.14.1-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
setxkbmap.aarch64                                    1.3.3-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
sg3_utils-libs.aarch64                               1.46-4.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
sgpio.aarch64                                        1.2.0.10-31.fc37                            @fedora                                               
shadow-utils.aarch64                                 2:4.12.3-4.fc37                             @updates                                              
shadow-utils-subid.aarch64                           2:4.12.3-4.fc37                             @updates                                              
shared-mime-info.aarch64                             2.2-2.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
sheepdog.aarch64                                     1.0.1-18.fc37                               @fedora                                               
shim-aa64.aarch64                                    15.6-2                                      @fedora                                               
sil-mingzat-fonts.noarch                             1.100-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
sil-nuosu-fonts.noarch                               2.200-6.fc37                                @fedora                                               
sil-padauk-fonts.noarch                              3.003-10.fc37                               @fedora                                               
simple-scan.aarch64                                  42.5-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
skopeo.aarch64                                       1:1.10.0-3.fc37                             @updates                                              
slang.aarch64                                        2.3.3-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
slirp4netns.aarch64                                  1.2.0-8.fc37                                @updates                                              
smartmontools.aarch64                                1:7.3-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
smartmontools-selinux.noarch                         1:7.3-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
snappy.aarch64                                       1.1.9-5.fc37                                @fedora                                               
socat.aarch64                                        1.7.4.2-3.fc37                              @fedora                                               
sord.aarch64                                         0.16.10-1.fc37                              @fedora                                               
sos.noarch                                           4.4-2.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
sound-theme-freedesktop.noarch                       0.8-18.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
soundtouch.aarch64                                   2.3.1-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
source-highlight.aarch64                             3.1.9-15.fc37                               @updates                                              
soxr.aarch64                                         0.1.3-12.fc37                               @fedora                                               
speech-dispatcher.aarch64                            0.11.4-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
speech-dispatcher-espeak-ng.aarch64                  0.11.4-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
speex.aarch64                                        1.2.0-12.fc37                               @fedora                                               
spice-glib.aarch64                                   0.41-4.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
spice-gtk3.aarch64                                   0.41-4.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
spice-server.aarch64                                 0.15.1-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
spice-vdagent.aarch64                                0.22.1-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
spice-webdavd.aarch64                                3.0-3.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
sqlite-libs.aarch64                                  3.40.0-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
squashfs-tools.aarch64                               4.5.1-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
sratom.aarch64                                       0.6.10-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
sshpass.aarch64                                      1.09-4.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
sssd.aarch64                                         2.8.1-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
sssd-ad.aarch64                                      2.8.1-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
sssd-client.aarch64                                  2.8.1-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
sssd-common.aarch64                                  2.8.1-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
sssd-common-pac.aarch64                              2.8.1-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
sssd-ipa.aarch64                                     2.8.1-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
sssd-kcm.aarch64                                     2.8.1-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
sssd-krb5.aarch64                                    2.8.1-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
sssd-krb5-common.aarch64                             2.8.1-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
sssd-ldap.aarch64                                    2.8.1-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
sssd-nfs-idmap.aarch64                               2.8.1-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
sssd-proxy.aarch64                                   2.8.1-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
startup-notification.aarch64                         0.12-24.fc37                                @fedora                                               
stix-fonts.noarch                                    2.13b171-2.fc37                             @fedora                                               
stoken-libs.aarch64                                  0.92-7.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
sudo.aarch64                                         1.9.11-4.p3.fc37                            @fedora                                               
sudo-python-plugin.aarch64                           1.9.11-4.p3.fc37                            @fedora                                               
suitesparse.aarch64                                  5.10.1-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
sushi.aarch64                                        43.0-2.fc37                                 @updates                                              
switcheroo-control.aarch64                           2.6-2.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
swtpm.aarch64                                        0.7.3-2.20220427gitf2268ee.fc37             @fedora                                               
swtpm-libs.aarch64                                   0.7.3-2.20220427gitf2268ee.fc37             @fedora                                               
swtpm-tools.aarch64                                  0.7.3-2.20220427gitf2268ee.fc37             @fedora                                               
symlinks.aarch64                                     1.7-7.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
system-config-printer-libs.noarch                    1.5.18-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
system-config-printer-udev.aarch64                   1.5.18-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
systemd.aarch64                                      251.9-587.fc37                              @updates                                              
systemd-container.aarch64                            251.9-587.fc37                              @updates                                              
systemd-libs.aarch64                                 251.9-587.fc37                              @updates                                              
systemd-networkd.aarch64                             251.9-587.fc37                              @updates                                              
systemd-oomd-defaults.noarch                         251.9-587.fc37                              @updates                                              
systemd-pam.aarch64                                  251.9-587.fc37                              @updates                                              
systemd-resolved.aarch64                             251.9-587.fc37                              @updates                                              
systemd-rpm-macros.noarch                            251.9-587.fc37                              @updates                                              
systemd-udev.aarch64                                 251.9-587.fc37                              @updates                                              
systemtap-sdt-devel.aarch64                          4.8-1.fc37                                  @updates                                              
taglib.aarch64                                       1.12-7.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
tar.aarch64                                          2:1.34-5.fc37                               @updates                                              
tbb.aarch64                                          2020.3-12.fc37                              @fedora                                               
tcl.aarch64                                          1:8.6.12-3.fc37                             @fedora                                               
tcpdump.aarch64                                      14:4.99.1-7.fc37                            @fedora                                               
teamd.aarch64                                        1.31-6.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
texlive-lib.aarch64                                  9:20210325-52.fc37                          @fedora                                               
thai-scalable-fonts-common.noarch                    0.7.3-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
thai-scalable-waree-fonts.noarch                     0.7.3-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
the_silver_searcher.aarch64                          2.2.0^2020704.5a1c8d8-5.fc37                @fedora                                               
tigervnc-license.noarch                              1.12.0-7.fc37                               @fedora                                               
tigervnc-server-minimal.aarch64                      1.12.0-7.fc37                               @fedora                                               
time.aarch64                                         1.9-19.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
toolbox.aarch64                                      0.0.99.3-7.fc37                             @fedora                                               
totem.aarch64                                        1:43.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
totem-pl-parser.aarch64                              3.26.6-5.fc37                               @fedora                                               
totem-video-thumbnailer.aarch64                      1:43.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
tpm2-tools.aarch64                                   5.3-1.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
tpm2-tss.aarch64                                     3.2.0-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
traceroute.aarch64                                   3:2.1.0-16.fc37                             @fedora                                               
tracker.aarch64                                      3.4.2-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
tracker-miners.aarch64                               3.4.2-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
tree.aarch64                                         2.0.2-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
trousers.aarch64                                     0.3.15-7.fc37                               @fedora                                               
trousers-lib.aarch64                                 0.3.15-7.fc37                               @fedora                                               
tslib.aarch64                                        1.22-6.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
twolame-libs.aarch64                                 0.4.0-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
tzdata.noarch                                        2022g-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
tzdata-java.noarch                                   2022g-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
uboot-images-armv8.noarch                            2022.10-3.fc37                              @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:dcavalca:uboot-tools  
uchardet.aarch64                                     0.0.6-16.fc37                               @fedora                                               
udisks2.aarch64                                      2.9.4-5.fc37                                @fedora                                               
unbound-anchor.aarch64                               1.16.3-3.fc37                               @updates                                              
unbound-libs.aarch64                                 1.16.3-3.fc37                               @updates                                              
unicode-ucd.noarch                                   15.0.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
unoconv.noarch                                       0.9.0-8.fc37                                @fedora                                               
unzip.aarch64                                        6.0-58.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
update-m1n1.noarch                                   20221206-1.fc37                             @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:dcavalca:asahi-scripts
upower.aarch64                                       0.99.20-2.fc37                              @fedora                                               
uresourced.aarch64                                   0.5.3-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
urw-base35-bookman-fonts.noarch                      20200910-15.fc37                            @fedora                                               
urw-base35-c059-fonts.noarch                         20200910-15.fc37                            @fedora                                               
urw-base35-d050000l-fonts.noarch                     20200910-15.fc37                            @fedora                                               
urw-base35-fonts.noarch                              20200910-15.fc37                            @fedora                                               
urw-base35-fonts-common.noarch                       20200910-15.fc37                            @fedora                                               
urw-base35-gothic-fonts.noarch                       20200910-15.fc37                            @fedora                                               
urw-base35-nimbus-mono-ps-fonts.noarch               20200910-15.fc37                            @fedora                                               
urw-base35-nimbus-roman-fonts.noarch                 20200910-15.fc37                            @fedora                                               
urw-base35-nimbus-sans-fonts.noarch                  20200910-15.fc37                            @fedora                                               
urw-base35-p052-fonts.noarch                         20200910-15.fc37                            @fedora                                               
urw-base35-standard-symbols-ps-fonts.noarch          20200910-15.fc37                            @fedora                                               
urw-base35-z003-fonts.noarch                         20200910-15.fc37                            @fedora                                               
usb_modeswitch.aarch64                               2.6.1-5.fc37                                @fedora                                               
usb_modeswitch-data.noarch                           20191128-7.fc37                             @fedora                                               
usbmuxd.aarch64                                      1.1.1-8.fc37                                @fedora                                               
usbredir.aarch64                                     0.13.0-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
usbutils.aarch64                                     014-3.fc37                                  @fedora                                               
usermode.aarch64                                     1.114-5.fc37                                @fedora                                               
userspace-rcu.aarch64                                0.13.0-5.fc37                               @fedora                                               
util-linux.aarch64                                   2.38.1-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
util-linux-core.aarch64                              2.38.1-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
util-linux-user.aarch64                              2.38.1-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
vazirmatn-vf-fonts.noarch                            33.003-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
vim-common.aarch64                                   2:9.0.1006-1.fc37                           @updates                                              
vim-data.noarch                                      2:9.0.1006-1.fc37                           @updates                                              
vim-enhanced.aarch64                                 2:9.0.1006-1.fc37                           @updates                                              
vim-filesystem.noarch                                2:9.0.1006-1.fc37                           @updates                                              
vim-minimal.aarch64                                  2:9.0.1006-1.fc37                           @updates                                              
virglrenderer.aarch64                                0.9.1-4.20210420git36391559.fc37            @fedora                                               
volume_key-libs.aarch64                              0.3.12-17.fc37                              @fedora                                               
vpnc.aarch64                                         0.5.3-44.svn550.fc37                        @fedora                                               
vpnc-script.noarch                                   20220509-2.gite52f8e66.fc37                 @fedora                                               
vte-profile.aarch64                                  0.70.2-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
vte291.aarch64                                       0.70.2-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
vulkan-loader.aarch64                                1.3.216.0-3.fc37                            @fedora                                               
w3m.aarch64                                          0.5.3-57.git20220429.fc37                   @fedora                                               
w3m-img.aarch64                                      0.5.3-57.git20220429.fc37                   @fedora                                               
wavpack.aarch64                                      5.5.0-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
web-assets-filesystem.noarch                         5-18.fc37                                   @fedora                                               
webkit2gtk4.1.aarch64                                2.38.2-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
webkit2gtk5.0.aarch64                                2.38.2-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
webp-pixbuf-loader.aarch64                           0.0.7-1.fc37                                @updates                                              
webrtc-audio-processing.aarch64                      0.3.1-9.fc37                                @fedora                                               
weston-demo.aarch64                                  10.0.1-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
wget.aarch64                                         1.21.3-4.fc37                               @fedora                                               
which.aarch64                                        2.21-35.fc37                                @fedora                                               
whois.aarch64                                        5.5.13-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
whois-nls.noarch                                     5.5.13-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
wireless-regdb.noarch                                2022.06.06-2.fc37                           @fedora                                               
wireplumber.aarch64                                  0.4.12-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
wireplumber-libs.aarch64                             0.4.12-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
woff2.aarch64                                        1.0.2-15.fc37                               @fedora                                               
words.noarch                                         3.0-40.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
wpa_supplicant.aarch64                               1:2.10-5.fc37                               @fedora                                               
wpebackend-fdo.aarch64                               1.14.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
xcb-util.aarch64                                     0.4.0-20.fc37                               @fedora                                               
xcb-util-image.aarch64                               0.4.0-20.fc37                               @fedora                                               
xcb-util-keysyms.aarch64                             0.4.0-18.fc37                               @fedora                                               
xcb-util-renderutil.aarch64                          0.3.9-21.fc37                               @fedora                                               
xcb-util-wm.aarch64                                  0.4.1-23.fc37                               @fedora                                               
xdg-dbus-proxy.aarch64                               0.1.3-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
xdg-desktop-portal.aarch64                           1.15.0-4.fc37                               @updates                                              
xdg-desktop-portal-gnome.aarch64                     43.1-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
xdg-desktop-portal-gtk.aarch64                       1.14.1-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
xdg-user-dirs.aarch64                                0.17-11.fc37                                @fedora                                               
xdg-user-dirs-gtk.aarch64                            0.10-23.fc37                                @fedora                                               
xdg-utils.noarch                                     1.1.3-12.fc37                               @fedora                                               
xdpyinfo.aarch64                                     1.3.3-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
xfsprogs.aarch64                                     5.18.0-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
xhost.aarch64                                        1.0.8-4.fc37                                @fedora                                               
xkbcomp.aarch64                                      1.4.5-4.fc37                                @fedora                                               
xkeyboard-config.noarch                              2.36-3.fc37                                 @updates                                              
xml-common.noarch                                    0.6.3-59.fc37                               @fedora                                               
xmlrpc-c.aarch64                                     1.51.0-14.fc36                              @fedora                                               
xmlrpc-c-client.aarch64                              1.51.0-14.fc36                              @fedora                                               
xmlsec1.aarch64                                      1.2.34-4.fc37                               @updates                                              
xmlsec1-nss.aarch64                                  1.2.34-4.fc37                               @updates                                              
xmlsec1-openssl.aarch64                              1.2.34-4.fc37                               @updates                                              
xmodmap.aarch64                                      1.0.11-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
xorg-x11-drv-amdgpu.aarch64                          22.0.0-2.fc37                               @fedora                                               
xorg-x11-drv-armsoc.aarch64                          1.4.1-4.20210211.fc37                       @fedora                                               
xorg-x11-drv-ati.aarch64                             19.1.0-8.fc37                               @fedora                                               
xorg-x11-drv-evdev.aarch64                           2.10.6-12.fc37                              @fedora                                               
xorg-x11-drv-fbdev.aarch64                           0.5.0-11.fc37                               @fedora                                               
xorg-x11-drv-libinput.aarch64                        1.2.1-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
xorg-x11-drv-nouveau.aarch64                         1:1.0.17-4.fc37                             @fedora                                               
xorg-x11-drv-qxl.aarch64                             0.1.5-20.fc35                               @fedora                                               
xorg-x11-drv-wacom.aarch64                           1.1.0-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
xorg-x11-drv-wacom-serial-support.aarch64            1.1.0-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-1-100dpi.noarch               7.5-34.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
xorg-x11-server-Xorg.aarch64                         1.20.14-11.fc37                             @updates                                              
xorg-x11-server-Xwayland.aarch64                     22.1.5-1.fc37                               @updates                                              
xorg-x11-server-common.aarch64                       1.20.14-11.fc37                             @updates                                              
xorg-x11-xauth.aarch64                               1:1.1.2-2.fc37                              @fedora                                               
xorg-x11-xinit.aarch64                               1.4.0-15.fc37                               @fedora                                               
xprop.aarch64                                        1.2.5-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
xrandr.aarch64                                       1.5.1-5.fc37                                @fedora                                               
xrdb.aarch64                                         1.2.1-4.fc37                                @fedora                                               
xwininfo.aarch64                                     1.1.5-5.fc37                                @fedora                                               
xxhash-libs.aarch64                                  0.8.1-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
xz.aarch64                                           5.2.5-10.fc37                               @fedora                                               
xz-devel.aarch64                                     5.2.5-10.fc37                               @fedora                                               
xz-libs.aarch64                                      5.2.5-10.fc37                               @fedora                                               
yajl.aarch64                                         2.1.0-19.fc37                               @fedora                                               
yelp.aarch64                                         2:42.2-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
yelp-libs.aarch64                                    2:42.2-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
yelp-xsl.noarch                                      42.1-1.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
yum.noarch                                           4.14.0-1.fc37                               @fedora                                               
zchunk-libs.aarch64                                  1.2.3-1.fc37                                @fedora                                               
zd1211-firmware.noarch                               1.5-11.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
zenity.aarch64                                       3.43.0-3.fc37                               @fedora                                               
zip.aarch64                                          3.0-33.fc37                                 @fedora                                               
zlib.aarch64                                         1.2.12-5.fc37                               @fedora                                               
zlib-devel.aarch64                                   1.2.12-5.fc37                               @fedora                                               
zram-generator.aarch64                               1.1.2-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
zram-generator-defaults.noarch                       1.1.2-2.fc37                                @fedora                                               
zstd.aarch64                                         1.5.2-3.fc37                                @fedora                                               
zxing-cpp.aarch64                                    1.2.0-7.fc37                                @fedora                                               
